1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013229/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-rozpoviv-ukrayinskim-ta-inozemnim-zhurnalistam-84345 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak told Ukrainian and foreign journalists about the results of the President's recent foreign visits and the NATO Summit in Vilnius 14 July 2023 - 23:00 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media to discuss the recent foreign visits of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his participation in the NATO Summit in Vilnius. According to Andriy Yermak, the NATO Summit clearly declared that Ukraine would become a NATO member. In addition, as emphasized by the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, the decision was made during the Summit to lift the MAP for Ukraine, which will simplify the accession procedure. The NATO-Ukraine Council was also launched, which is a tool for Ukraine's future integration into the Alliance. As Andriy Yermak emphasized, its work should be filled with content already today and the ground should be prepared for the next NATO Summit in Washington in 2024. According to the Head of the President's Office, the long-awaited decision on security guarantees for Ukraine on its way to NATO, which the Ukrainian side had been working on for many months, involving international experts and representatives of partner states, was also of great importance. Eventually, in the margins of the Vilnius Summit, the G7 countries and the European Union agreed on a Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine, which was joined by 10 more countries in a few days: Denmark, Spain, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Finland, the Czech Republic, Iceland, Belgium, and Portugal. As the document is open, our country expects that a number of other countries will join it soon. Andriy Yermak noted that the next step will be to conclude a series of bilateral security treaties containing the most specific and long-term obligations of each state, taking into account the specifics of national legislation, which will ensure Ukraine's ability to defend itself today and deter any new aggression in the future. At the same time, he emphasized that these security guarantees are not an alternative to Ukraine's membership in NATO, as President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has repeatedly emphasized. The Head of the President's Office added that during the Vilnius Summit, the Ukrainian side had frank and reasoned conversations with all our partners. Ukraine received new powerful military assistance packages from many countries. "Today, everyone is talking about Ukraine's victory. And everyone is trying to help in a way that will not only support but accelerate our victory," he said. The Head of the President's Office called the meeting between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and U.S. President Joseph Biden important, where the White House leader, in particular, confirmed that Ukraine would become a NATO member and assured that the United States would support our country for as long as it takes. "Today, Ukraine and the United States are friends and strategic partners. Our task is to maintain the support of the American people so that they know the truth and understand what we are fighting for," emphasized Andriy Yermak. In addition, it was noted that even during the war, Ukraine continues reforms, the fight against corruption, de-oligarchization, reform of the judicial system, etc. Andriy Yermak also told journalists about the results of the President's recent visits to Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Türkiye. The Head of the President's Office noted that active preparations for the upcoming Global Peace Summit and the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula are underway, and new states, including extremely important countries of the Global South, are constantly joining this process. Andriy Yermak emphasized that Ukraine is open to all proposals and conversations with all those who respect the just desire for peace, freedom, independence and territorial integrity, but the discussion should be based on President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. The Head of the President's Office once again emphasized that any thought about the prospect of any negotiations with Russia is only possible when all Russian troops are withdrawn from the sovereign territory of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine