2 captures 20 Jul 2019 - 24 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220324063523/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-polipshuvati-umovi-dlya-nashih-vijskovih-prezident-og-56561 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:30 View all videos n latest news Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:18 Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We have to improve the conditions for our military - President inspected experimental modules to accommodation of servicemen in the field 19 July 2019 - 12:36 Experimental modules to accommodation of servicemen in the field were presented in the Ministry of Defense to fulfil a task of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on improving the conditions of living and placement of Ukrainian servicemen in the area of the United forces operation and in the front line. Minister of Defence of Ukraine, General of the Ukrainian Army Stepan Poltorak and Chief of the General Staff – Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, Lieutenant General Ruslan Khomchak demonstrated to the Head of State developmental prototypes of three modules for accommodation of four and six people. The modules have sanitary knots, beds, wardrobes and necessary conditions for accommodation of military. Sanitary modules with shower cabins, toilets and mobile laundry with necessary equipment were also presented. Modules are equipped with air-conditioning, they are heated from electric generators. During the conversation with the media, Volodymyr Zelenskyy reminded that he instructed the Ministry of Defense and the command of the General Staff to improve the conditions of the military after visiting the line of demarcation near Stanitsa Luganska. "We were in Stanitsa Luganska on the line of demarcation and saw what conditions in our military are. It was a task to improve the conditions for the boys, and not only for them, but also for everyone who helps our army," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that the priority task for Ukraine is to stop the fire and end war. But such mobile facilities will be needed in peacetime, for example, to provide training. According to the President, the implementation of the program should be completed by the end of this year. As the Minister of Defense noted, modules will be equipped with the needs of both the first and second lines of defense. Servicemen who were in the zone of ATO and Operation of the United Forces were working over their development. "There are various options here and depending on where they are used the module will change. If there is a danger to the lives of the military, the modules will go into the ground and their design will change so that the personnel does not get a defeat. When they will be applied not on the first line, there is engineering equipment for protecting the container. Personnel can use it to protect themselves even from sabotage groups that can enter our territory ," Stepan Poltorak said. According to the participants of the meeting, bids for the production of such modules will be announced next Monday. The President stressed the importance of participating in the project of domestic producers. "Initially, talks were held with Western partners, but we must support our domestic manufacturer. Therefore, our enterprises will receive this order ," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The modules will be tested in conditions of Operation of the United Forces before starting mass production. There are funds for the implementation of the program, according to the Head of State and the Minister of Defense. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine