14 captures 31 Dec 2023 - 05 Sep 2025 Nov DEC Jan 31 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231231024944/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nastupnij-rik-stane-chasom-globalnih-rishen-i-ukrayini-potri-88029 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Next year will be a time of global decisions, and Ukraine needs to be able to influence them and achieve its goals – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 30 December 2023 - 22:44 View all videos n latest news Next year will be a time of global decisions, and Ukraine needs to be able to influence them and achieve its goals – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 30 December 2023 - 22:39 We will continue to strengthen our air defense and work towards pushing the war back into Russia – address by the President of Ukraine 29 December 2023 - 20:21 The Head of the State visited surgeons at a military hospital in Donetsk region, presented awards 29 December 2023 - 18:41 The President of Ukraine visited Avdiivka and awarded the defenders of the city 29 December 2023 - 18:16 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's participation in the events on Power Engineer's Day 22 December 2023 - 13:21 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Next year will be a time of global decisions, and Ukraine needs to be able to influence them and achieve its goals – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 30 December 2023 - 22:39 I wish you good health, dear Ukrainians! Briefly about this day. The Supreme Commander-in-Chief's Staff meeting was special, summing up the year. And it also concerned next year. All that has been done this year, and what needs to be done next year. The Commander-in-Chief, the General Staff reported. Our action plan for 2024 was also presented. A report by the Defense Intelligence and external intelligence was heard. About what the occupiers are preparing for, and in general, about the situation – about general military-political expectations and possible events in the world. Despite everything that will happen in other countries, despite any political changes and moods, we need sufficient potential to do our own thing. To achieve our goals. It is clear that next year will be a time of many decisions – global decisions. And Ukraine needs to be able to influence them – to be able to achieve its goals. We will fight for our influence, for justice for Ukraine, and I am grateful to all the leaders who help, who have been with us since February 24th and will be with us in 2024. Today, the entire day has been dedicated to reports on the relief operations in the aftermath of Russian strikes. In total, more than 120 of our cities and villages were affected by yesterday's Russian attack. A total of 39 fatalities. My condolences go out to everyone who has lost loved ones. It is crucial to provide all necessary assistance to those affected –whose homes and apartments have been damaged by terrorists. It is important to address it both at the government and local levels. Ukrainian rescuers, doctors, police officers, all employees of municipal enterprises involved – I thank you for helping people, working around the clock to save as many lives as possible! Currently, a rescue operation is underway again in Kharkiv – 17 people have been injured in another strike. And for every such strike in Kharkiv, in our Kherson region, in the cities and villages of Donetsk, Zaporizhzhia region... For all strikes in Odesa, Sumy region, Kyiv, and all our other cities and regions. For every "Shahed" drone, for every Russian missile, there will be a fair responsibility of the terrorist state. Both political and very practical. We are preparing to produce more weapons next year. We already have a clear schedule for our international work in January. We are working with our partners on solutions needed by every Ukrainian soldier, our entire nation, our state. And these decisions will be strong. My special gratitude goes to all our partners for the new operational work to strengthen our air defense system. It is not only us who work 24/7 in the free world – and it is important. It is crucial for the resistance against terror not to cease even for a day. So that Russia cannot win anything in this war. And it will be so. I thank all our soldiers! I thank everyone who works for our state and people! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine