8 captures 28 Feb 2024 - 11 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 28 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240228155823/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-zrobiti-vse-shob-punkt-formuli-miru-shodo-povernennya-89337 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We believe that respect for every nation and the right of nations to security and independent choice of their destiny should be universal principles – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the opening of the Ukraine – South East Europe Summit 28 February 2024 - 14:15 View all videos n latest news Ukraine – South East Europe Summit Declaration 28 February 2024 - 16:02 We believe that respect for every nation and the right of nations to security and independent choice of their destiny should be universal principles – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the opening of the Ukraine – South East Europe Summit 28 February 2024 - 14:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Edi Rama signed the Treaty on Friendship and Cooperation between Ukraine and the Republic of Albania 28 February 2024 - 11:56 President met with the Prime Minister of Albania in Tirana 28 February 2024 - 11:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's visit to Albania and participation in the Ukraine – South East Europe Summit 28 February 2024 - 10:29 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We must do everything to ensure that the clause of the Peace Formula on the return of all prisoners and deportees is implemented – address by Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the International Platform for the Release of Civilians Illegally Deta 26 February 2024 - 17:58 Ladies and gentlemen! I would like to thank all those who participate in the meeting and support Ukrainian efforts to free our people from Russian captivity. Today, no one can say for sure how many of our citizens – children and adults, warriors and civilians – are being held in Russian captivity, in Russian deportation, in camps, and how many of our people are in the prisons of this terrorist state. But each of us can and must speak with absolute certainty and specificity: we must do our best to bring all these people home to Ukraine. I am happy every time we succeed, when Ukrainians return, when they are greeted here with the flag of our country, on our land. When they are met by their families and friends. This is very important. The return from Putin's Russia to Ukraine is really a return from the embrace of death. Everyone has seen what our people look like after the Russian captivity, after all these terrible tortures. Everyone knows what our people testify about, the atrocities they recount. And the world knows with what cruelty Russia is trying to conceal the truth about the captured Ukrainians and to indoctrinate the children abducted from Ukraine... To teach them hatred – hatred specifically towards their own home. Time is very precious. And the longer our people stay in Russian captivity, the harder it will be for them to return to normal life. We must do everything possible, everything impossible, to ensure that this point of our Peace Formula, namely the return of all prisoners and deportees, is fulfilled without any conditions, without any exceptions. I thank all our officials, our friends, partners, and all our institutions that are working for the return of Ukrainians. I would like to thank each international mediator separately – states and leaders – for the result. It is very important not to forget about anyone and to find absolutely everyone. All civilians, all our adults, children, all our Crimeans – everyone, absolutely everyone. Military, civilians. Deported and Crimean political prisoners, about whom we just watched such a sensitive video... Nariman Dzhelyal. It is very important not to forget their names. I am grateful that you remind us of this and of these people. Leniye Umerova, Vladyslav Yesypenko and many, many others who really fought and are still fighting. Wherever these people are – at liberty or behind bars – they are really fighting, fighting for Ukraine. Deported families, particularly from Kherson region. Deported families, in particular from Zaporizhzhia region... Everyone must be found and returned. And it is imperative to bring Russia, every war criminal, all those involved in the deportation of our people, those involved in the torture of prisoners to justice. The International Criminal Court has already taken significant legal steps. Joint work with many nations and international organizations that are helping is underway. Please do more every time – because it is not enough – more than seems possible, more than there is strength for, more than planned to bring our people home. Thank you for supporting our initiative, thank you for the organization! Thank you for your attention! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos ph President's participation in the forum of the International Platform for the Release of Civilians Illegally Detained in Russia 26 February 2024 - 18:20 ph President's participation in the forum of the International Platform for the Release of Civilians Illegally Detained in Russia 26 February 2024 - 18:20 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine