1 capture 08 Feb 2023 Jan FEB Mar 08 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230208025507/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=07-02-2022&date-to=07-02-2023&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are working on all enemy scenarios and defending the state - address by the President of Ukraine 7 February 2023 - 20:11 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the plenary session of the Verkhovna Rada 7 February 2023 - 15:43 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We must make time our weapon - we must speed up the supply of new weaponry options to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 January 2023 - 20:35 We are doing everything to ensure that our pressure outweighs the occupiers' assault capabilities. And it is very important to maintain the dynamics of defense support from our partners. The speed of supply has been and will be one of the key factors in this war. President of Ukraine held a regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 29 January 2023 - 17:50 The parties heard reports from the military commanders on the operational situation at the front, particularly in the Donetsk direction and in the south. They also considered intelligence information on the enemy's likely actions in the near future. President of Ukraine honored memory of Kruty Heroes 29 January 2023 - 12:55 At Askold's Grave in Kyiv, the Head of State laid flowers to the memorial cross to the Heroes of Kruty. The ceremony was also attended by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak, Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine Oleksiy Danilov, Minister of Defense Oleksiy Reznikov, Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valerii Zaluzhny and Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Roman Mashovets. Ukraine needs long-range missiles so that terrorists do not have a feeling of impunity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 January 2023 - 21:38 Ukraine needs long-range missiles – in particular, to remove this possibility of the occupiers to place their missile launchers somewhere far from the front line and destroy Ukrainian cities with them. Ukraine needs more specialists in European affairs who will protect European values – President addressing students and teachers of the College of Europe 27 January 2023 - 21:19 After the victory over the aggressor state, both Ukraine and Europe will need citizens able to protect European values from tyranny's attempts to destroy them. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy when addressing online students and teachers of the College of Europe in Natolin (Poland) and Bruges (Belgium) celebrating the Ukrainian and Lithuanian National Days. Any neutral flag of Russian athletes is stained with blood – address of the President of Ukraine 27 January 2023 - 19:54 Russia must stop aggression and terror, and only after that it will be possible to talk about Russian participation in the context of the Olympic movement. Olympic principles and war are fundamentally opposed to each other. Andriy Yermak has conversation with representative of UK Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office supervising sanctions policy 27 January 2023 - 18:22 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a telephone call with Director General for Economics, Science and Technology at the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office of the United Kingdom Kumar Iyer. President honored the memory of Holocaust victims 27 January 2023 - 13:34 The Head of State put an icon lamp near the Menorah memorial sign on the territory of the Babyn Yar National Historical and Memorial Reserve. The ceremony was also attended by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak, representatives of the diplomatic corps of European countries, the United States and Canada. Address by the President of Ukraine on the occasion of the International Holocaust Remembrance Day 27 January 2023 - 10:49 Today we repeat it even more strongly than before: never again to hatred; never again to indifference. The more nations of the world overcome indifference, the less space there will be in the world for hatred. Andriy Yermak discussed support for Ukraine's Peace Formula with the ambassadors of the G7 and the EU 26 January 2023 - 22:27 As part of the regular dialogue, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7 countries and the Head of the Delegation of the European Union. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 178 179 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine