5 captures 15 Mar 2023 - 15 Oct 2025 Feb MAR Apr 15 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230315214851/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-ukrayini-zustrivsya-z-ministrom-za-81297 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Now we feel that the Russian aggression is approaching the point where it can break - address by the President of Ukraine 15 March 2023 - 22:49 View all videos n latest news Now we feel that the Russian aggression is approaching the point where it can break - address by the President of Ukraine 15 March 2023 - 22:45 President of Ukraine had a meeting with American entrepreneur and philanthropist Laurene Powell Jobs 15 March 2023 - 19:29 The strength of our defense and security forces is in the strength of our people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 March 2023 - 23:37 Olena Zelenska held a video call with the First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda 14 March 2023 - 22:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Saudi Arabia 26 February 2023 - 18:24 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Prince Faisal bin Farhan Al Saud who arrived in Ukraine on a visit. This is the first official visit of the Foreign Minister of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to Ukraine since the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries. "I welcome you to Ukraine. It is a great honor to have you today in Kyiv. This is a historic visit because it is the first time that the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has come to Ukraine. This is a very powerful signal of support for our country," said Andriy Yermak during his meeting with the Prince. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that Ukraine is extremely interested in developing relations with Saudi Arabia. He thanked for the Kingdom's support of the UN General Assembly resolution "Principles of the Charter of the United Nations that underline the comprehensive, just and lasting peace in Ukraine" on February 23, which was initiated by our country. "It is an important support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, and for President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula," said Andriy Yermak. The Head of the President's Office reminded that in September 2019, Saudi Arabia suffered a drone attack on one of the world's largest oil fields, and now Ukraine is constantly experiencing such attacks, in particular during attacks on critical infrastructure with the use of Iranian drones. "The Russian-Iranian military-political rapprochement threatens the security of not only Ukraine, but also the Middle East region," Andriy Yermak is convinced. The Head of the President's Office discussed with Prince Faisal bin Farhan Al Saud the issues of humanitarian support for Ukraine and Ukrainian citizens in these difficult times, the important role of Saudi Arabia in the exchange of prisoners of war, overcoming global challenges and the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's initiative "Grain from Ukraine". "We are looking forward to continuing our dialogue and strengthening our relations," emphasized Andriy Yermak. ph Meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 26 February 2023 - 17:10 ph Meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 26 February 2023 - 17:10 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine