8 captures 14 May 2024 - 15 Nov 2025 Apr MAY Jun 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240514001718/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bezpekova-situaciya-ta-decentralizaciya-v-ofisi-prezidenta-v-90877 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Task is Crystal Clear – to Thwart Russia's Attempt to Expand the War – Address by the President 13 May 2024 - 19:57 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv Is a Strategic City; We Need Timely Assistance from the United States – Andriy Yermak 13 May 2024 - 22:41 Olena Zelenska Met with the President and First Lady of Serbia 13 May 2024 - 22:36 Security Situation and Decentralization: Presidential Office Hosted a Meeting with Alexander Soros 13 May 2024 - 22:02 First Lady of Ukraine Participated in the Conference on Mental Health in Serbia 13 May 2024 - 21:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the Republic of Serbia 13 May 2024 - 13:12 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Security Situation and Decentralization: Presidential Office Hosted a Meeting with Alexander Soros 13 May 2024 - 22:02 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Oleksiy Kuleba met with American businessman and philanthropist, chair of the Open Society Foundations Alexander Soros. Oleksiy Kuleba spoke in detail about the current security situation in Ukraine. Over the past week alone, Russia has fired more than 600 times at our cities and regions. "First of all, our focus is on the frontline areas, the combat line, where the hostilities are taking place. Today, we are focusing primarily on the Kharkiv region. Over two thousand people have been evacuated from the region over the past few days, and this work is ongoing. Chernihiv, Sumy, Donetsk, Zaporizhzhia, Mykolaiv, Kherson, Odesa and Dnipropetrovsk regions are also under fire. Every regional military administration and local authorities are working to help people and save their lives," noted the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office. The interlocutors also discussed the process of decentralization in Ukraine and the steps necessary to complete the reform. Alexander Soros also spoke with representatives of the government. During the meeting with First Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Economy Yuliia Svyrydenko, the parties discussed the economic situation, the steps Ukraine is taking towards economic self-sufficiency, the policy of supporting Ukrainian business and "Made in Ukraine" producers, and the support of European integration processes in the country. Minister of Energy German Galushchenko informed about the consequences of recent missile attacks on energy facilities, including power generation facilities, as well as the need for equipment for recovery. This is the third visit of Alexander Soros to Ukraine since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine