11 captures 26 Jun 2020 - 02 Apr 2025 Feb MAR Apr 30 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220330213125/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/posol-hajdi-grau-pozitivno-ocinila-aktivizaciyu-roboti-ukray-61861 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will not give up anything and will fight for every meter of our land, for every person - address by the President of Ukraine 30 March 2022 - 23:57 View all videos n latest news We will not give up anything and will fight for every meter of our land, for every person - address by the President of Ukraine 30 March 2022 - 23:53 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had an hour-long phone conversation with Joseph Biden 30 March 2022 - 20:37 Mykhailo Podolyak: International multilateral treaty on security guarantees will give Ukraine reliable protection against possible new aggression 30 March 2022 - 18:50 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Norwegian Storting 30 March 2022 - 17:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ambassador Heidi Grau praised the intensification of the work of the Ukrainian party in the Trilateral Contact Group: This contributed to the work of all TCG groups 25 June 2020 - 21:40 A regular meeting of the Trilateral Contact Group (Ukraine, Russia, OSCE) was held in the format of a video conference with the participation of representatives of certain districts of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine as part of the Ukrainian delegation. During the discussion, the Ukrainian party in the TCG stressed the importance of establishing a sustainable and comprehensive ceasefire. A number of proposals submitted by the Ukrainian party were discussed within the working group on security issues. They concerned, among other things, demining and security for the civilian population, new disengagement points and ensuring a sustainable ceasefire. The group's moderator, Ambassador Yaşar Halit Çevik, noted the constructive nature of the dialogue. The Ukrainian delegation emphasized the need to ensure full and unimpeded access of the OSCE SMM to the entire temporarily uncontrolled territory. Only in the period from June 1 to June 23, 2020, 39 cases of non-admission of OSCE SMM observers to the territory not controlled by the Government of Ukraine through the checkpoints along the official road corridors crossing the delimitation line were recorded. The Ukrainian party stressed its willingness to provide the necessary security guarantees and full assistance to the OSCE SMM to investigate the incident with damage to the surveillance camera of the Special Monitoring Mission near Shyrokyne (the Donetsk region), which occurred on June 22, 2020 as a result of shelling from the territory uncontrolled by the Government of Ukraine. The Ukrainian party offered to hold an additional meeting of the security group to achieve progress in the issue of disengagement of forces and assets in the project areas until the next meeting of the TCG. Due to the efforts of the Ukrainian delegation within the working group on socio-economic issues, the work of the Ukrainian mobile network operator in ORDLO of Ukraine was resumed after a two-week break. The Ukrainian party initiated the discussion of approaches to solving environmental problems in ORDLO of Ukraine. In particular, it raised the issue of safe storage of radioactive materials in ORDLO of Ukraine and the possibility of forming a group of experts under the auspices of the IAEA to monitor the situation. The delegation also raised the issue of ensuring water supply in the conflict zone. In the framework of the working group on political issues, the Ukrainian delegation provided the parties with a calendar plan for the preparation and holding of local elections within the period established by law. It was reiterated that the holding of elections in ORDLO of Ukraine is possible only after a comprehensive de-escalation, withdrawal of foreign military units and equipment, disarmament of illegal armed groups and restoration of control over the state border in the conflict zone by the Ukrainian government. Advisers of the Ukrainian delegation to the TCG - representatives of certain districts of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine in the political group took an active part in these consultations. The humanitarian group discussed the coordination of lists for the mutual release of captives. The Ukrainian party continues to insist on an "all-for-all" release. The Ukrainian delegation reiterated willingness to open two new checkpoints in the Luhansk region for humanitarian purposes, and provide security guarantees for the period of construction of checkpoints’ infrastructure by the temporarily occupied territories subject to actual work. The next round of consultations within the TCG is scheduled for July 8. The Ukrainian party is doing everything possible to implement the agreements of the leaders of the countries participating in the Normandy format reached in Paris on December 9, 2019 to ensure the holding of the next summit in Berlin as soon as possible. Summing up the discussion, the OSCE moderator, Ambassador Heidi Grau, commended the intensification of the work of the Ukrainian party, noting that it contributed to the work of all TCG groups. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine