7 captures 04 Jun 2022 - 06 Dec 2025 May JUN Jul 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220604012044/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kirilo-timoshenko-zustrivsya-z-kerivnictvom-kongresu-miscevi-75581 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos "Peace", "victory", "Ukraine" - three words we have been fighting for for a hundred days already after eight years - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 June 2022 - 21:22 View all videos n latest news "Peace", "victory", "Ukraine" - three words we have been fighting for for a hundred days already after eight years - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 June 2022 - 21:35 Kyrylo Tymoshenko met with the leadership of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe 3 June 2022 - 20:27 Ihor Zhovkva: Portugal is our sincere partner on Ukraine's European integration path 3 June 2022 - 19:37 At the Shalimov National Institute of Surgery and Transplantology, the President talked to the doctors and Ukrainian soldiers undergoing treatment there 3 June 2022 - 17:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President’s visit to the Shalimov National Institute of Surgery and Transplantology 3 June 2022 - 17:10 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Kyrylo Tymoshenko met with the leadership of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe 3 June 2022 - 20:27 Pursuant to the task from Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko met with President of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe Leendert Verbeek and Secretary General of the Congress Andreas Kiefer. Kyrylo Tymoshenko stressed that this visit is very important for the support of our country and people. He noted that Russia's military plans to capture Ukraine have failed, but the Kremlin continues hostilities, sending troops to our country. Kyrylo Tymoshenko stressed that Ukraine will continue to resist Russian aggression and does not intend to give up its territories and people. At the same time, as a result of the Russian invasion, many cities and infrastructure facilities in our country were destroyed, thousands of Ukrainians died, and millions were forced to flee their homes. "I am grateful for the clear and decisive position of the members of Congress as regards Russian aggression. It is very important for us to continue the total pressure on the aggressor state," he said. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President also said that despite the war, several meetings of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine were held, which allowed central and local authorities to stay in touch, resolve urgent issues and plan reconstruction measures. "The initiative of the President of Ukraine is that for each region there is a state that will take patronage over its reconstruction. This applies to all regions, not just those affected by the war or currently occupied. Because the Head of State has a vision that this is a chance to change the country," Kyrylo Tymoshenko said. Therefore, according to him, catalogs were prepared for each region, which contain all the information about the destroyed and damaged infrastructure. "Here we hope for your help, either in terms of targeted projects or in the framework of cooperation between cities and communities. Because it is important for us to start rebuilding, for example, schools before the beginning of the school year on September 1 or building housing for people who lost it," said the Deputy Head of the President's Office. Leendert Verbeek said that he had met with several leaders of Ukrainian cities affected by the war. He noted that the main goal of the Congress is to establish a dialogue between municipalities from different countries and exchange experiences. Andreas Kiefer stressed the importance of effective cooperation between central and regional authorities. According to him, the transfer of responsibility to the local level and mutual trust are important for the construction of a new and modern Ukraine. The parties also touched upon the organization of education for schoolchildren in Ukraine and for those who were forced to go abroad with their families to escape the war. In particular, they noted the need to adapt or combine school programs in Ukraine and those countries where children stay. Kyrylo Tymoshenko also noted that today the Ukrainian authorities are working to attract business to rebuild schools that were damaged as a result of the Russian invasion. There is also the issue of reorganizing the ways of transporting pupils to educational institutions from those settlements where schools were completely destroyed. The Secretary General of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe noted that he had already discussed with representatives of European organizations the possibility of contributing to the reconstruction of the affected regions of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine