3 captures 23 Aug 2020 - 17 Apr 2025 Jul AUG Sep 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220820021826/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/derzhavni-pidpriyemstva-povinni-mati-derzhavni-zamovlennya-p-62837 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The restoration of full security at the ZNPP and Enerhodar can begin with the mission to the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant - address by the President of Ukraine 19 August 2022 - 22:46 View all videos n latest news The restoration of full security at the ZNPP and Enerhodar can begin with the mission to the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant - address by the President of Ukraine 19 August 2022 - 22:43 A meeting was held in the President's Office with the chief prosecutor in the case of Slobodan Milošević, at which the establishment of a Special Tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine was discussed 19 August 2022 - 19:29 In the presence of the President, a Memorandum was signed with Eurocities on support for the reconstruction of Ukrainian cities 19 August 2022 - 18:30 Declaring its readiness for negotiations, Russia is trying to buy time to prepare for the continuation of its aggressive policy towards Ukraine - Mykhailo Podolyak 19 August 2022 - 17:16 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with Eurocities representatives 19 August 2022 - 18:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events State-owned enterprises must have state orders - President during a trip to the Kherson region 20 August 2020 - 14:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that state-owned enterprises must have state support and orders. He stated this in Kherson during a visit to the Palada state plant of Ukroboronprom. Speaking to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, CEO of the enterprise Valeriy Maloman and the staff of the plant emphasized that despite the fact that the enterprise is state-owned, it has almost no state orders and looks for customers itself. At the same time, such productions in the world enjoy the support of the state - in addition to orders, soft or long-term loans, compensation for the cost of design work are provided, etc. This is important for companies with a long production cycle. Deputy Prime Minister of Ukraine - Minister of Strategic Industries of Ukraine Oleh Uruskyi noted that it is necessary to change the current practice. Volodymyr Zelenskyy agreed that such measures are needed for such enterprises. "We support everything that supports the enterprises and provides jobs for people," he said. The President discussed the issue of providing the plant with orders with Deputy Defense Minister Oleksandr Myroniuk in a telephone conversation. It was agreed that by the end of the month Palada will have prepared a package of documents for ordering three berths, and the contract will be signed in September. The employees also drew the President's attention to the lack of specialists for such plants as Palada and the organization of their professional education or the creation of an appropriate training program. "Education in Ukraine is not good enough to educate workers for plants like ours. Is it possible to create a program so that we know that Ukrainians can get a good, high-quality, modern education, so that we know that we are provided with employees for the future? Because the development of the plant is a good thing, but the plant will not work without people," the company's representatives said. "We know about this problem and prepare a program to improve vocational education. This is an extremely important industry for us, which will help Ukraine become competitive," Volodymyr Zelenskyy replied. ph Working trip to the Kherson region 20 August 2020 - 12:29 ph Working trip to the Kherson region 20 August 2020 - 12:29 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine