1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309050512/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=17 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine to meet with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 4 February 2022 - 18:55 On February 14, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Federal Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany Olaf Scholz, who will arrive in Ukraine on his first official visit, will hold talks. In a phone conversation with the President of Slovakia, the President of Ukraine discussed cooperation in the security sphere 4 February 2022 - 14:24 The interlocutors exchanged views on the security situation around our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed about the initiatives of the Ukrainian side to intensify the negotiation process within the Normandy format and the implementation of the Minsk agreements. Ukraine looks forward to close cooperation with Turkey in energy, infrastructure, technology and defense - President 3 February 2022 - 18:38 Ukraine expects active participation of Turkish companies in joint projects in the defense and aviation sectors, infrastructure and energy. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a statement to the media following talks with President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Historical visit of Turkish President demonstrates who is a friend of Ukraine, always willing to help 3 February 2022 - 18:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy notes that one of the main topics of the meeting with President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Kyiv was security and peace. The Head of State said this in his statement for the media following the Ukrainian-Turkish talks in Kyiv. In the presence of the Presidents of Ukraine and Turkey a number of documents that will significantly increase trade turnover between the two countries were signed 3 February 2022 - 17:49 Following the meeting of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy with President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and the tenth meeting of the Ukrainian-Turkish High-Level Strategic Council, a number of bilateral documents were signed. The agreement on a free trade area between Ukraine and Turkey is the result of three decades of cooperation and friendship between the two countries - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 February 2022 - 17:47 In the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, a Free Trade Agreement between Ukraine and Turkey was signed in Kyiv. First Lady of Ukraine met in Kyiv with the First Lady of Turkey 3 February 2022 - 16:51 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with First Lady of Turkey Emine Erdoğan in Kyiv. Together, they presented a Turkish-language audio guide at the Sofia Kyivska National Reserve. Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Turkey, who is on an official visit to our country, began 3 February 2022 - 13:17 The heads of state will have a conversation in a vis-a-vis format. After that, the tenth meeting of the High-Level Strategic Council between Ukraine and the Republic of Turkey will take place under the chairmanship of Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Head of State: We have stabilized the national currency, hryvnia is strengthening 2 February 2022 - 16:05 Due to the balanced steps inside Ukraine, as well as the support of foreign leaders, it was possible to stabilize the hryvnia exchange rate despite the information background around our country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy when answering questions from journalists following the talks with Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte in Kyiv. Ukraine is interested in involving the Netherlands in the project to build hospitals and rehabilitation centers for veterans - President 2 February 2022 - 15:51 Ukraine is interested in involving the Netherlands in the modernization of Ukrainian hospitals and the improvement of medical services. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with the media following the talks with Prime Minister of the Kingdom of the Netherlands Mark Rutte in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine