1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309052929/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=50 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – On the International Youth Day, the President met with the winners of the all-Ukrainian competition Ukraine NOW 12 August 2021 - 18:37 On the International Youth Day, which Ukraine will celebrate next year together with the whole world community, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the winners of the largest all-Ukrainian flash mob #IamUkraineNow, which took place within the Ukraine NOW promotional campaign. Angela Merkel's visit to Kyiv on August 22 will be a logical continuation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's contacts in the "Washington – Brussels – Berlin – Kyiv" format, Serhiy Nykyforov says 11 August 2021 - 18:53 The visit of German Chancellor Angela Merkel to Ukraine on August 22 confirms that security issues in Europe cannot be resolved without President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. This was stated by Press Secretary of the President of Ukraine Serhiy Nykyforov at a briefing on Wednesday at the President's Office. Alexander Lukashenko's accusations of training militants in Ukraine are unfounded - Press Secretary of the President 9 August 2021 - 18:55 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy calls the accusations made by Alexander Lukashenko of training militants on the territory of Ukraine, which are then allegedly sent to Belarus, unfounded. Such statements are aimed at the distraction from the domestic political situation in this country, Press Secretary of the President Serhiy Nykyforov informed during the visit to the Mykolaiv region. During a visit to Zmiyinyy Island Volodymyr Zelenskyy introduced the newly appointed commanders in the Armed Forces of Ukraine 9 August 2021 - 18:23 During a visit to Zmiyinyy Island as part of a working trip to the southern regions, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy introduced the newly appointed commanders in the Armed Forces of Ukraine. President visited Zmiyinyy Island and checked the readiness of the military to defend it 9 August 2021 - 17:31 During a working trip to the Mykolaiv and Odesa regions, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited Zmiyinyy Island in the Black Sea, where he observed the command and staff exercises with the participation of the Joint Forces Command of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and all types and kinds of troops. Volodymyr Zelenskyy watched large-scale exercises with participation of the Joint Forces Command of the AFU and all types and kinds of troops in the Mykolaiv region 9 August 2021 - 15:50 During a working trip to the Mykolaiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy attended a command and staff training with the participation of the Joint Forces Command and other military command bodies of the Armed Forces of Ukraine with the involvement of military units and detachments (training will last from August 9 to August 13). President is on a working trip to the south of Ukraine 9 August 2021 - 10:43 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy started a working trip to the Mykolaiv and Odesa regions. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Many Russians are ashamed of everything related to Crimea, Russian history will later mourn over Russia's steps regarding the peninsula 5 August 2021 - 23:02 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that a large number of Russians support the unity of Ukraine, and they are ashamed of Russia's illegal annexation of the Crimean peninsula. He stated this in an interview for Dom TV channel. President of Ukraine: The Red Cross must be allowed into the temporarily occupied territories 5 August 2021 - 22:55 Continuation of peace talks is possible only if the regime of silence is observed, but to a large extent it depends on Russia as a party to the conflict. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Dom TV channel. Volodymyr Zelenskyy about citizens in the occupied territories: Ukraine is our home, we just live in different rooms temporarily now 5 August 2021 - 22:46 Ukraine will never give up on citizens living in the temporarily occupied territories, and it is very important that they receive objective information about the situation in our country. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Dom TV channel. 1 2 ... 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine