1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033030/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=123 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The EU will stand with Ukraine until its victory, and Ukraine will be in the EU - President after the European Council meeting in Brussels 9 February 2023 - 19:18 The European Union is united in supporting Ukraine until our country wins the fight against the Russian aggressor. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a joint meeting with media representatives together with President of the European Council Charles Michel and President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. School nutrition reform is not only about nutrition and menu, but also about care - Olena Zelenska during a session on developing a strategy for changes in school nutrition 9 February 2023 - 18:34 First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in the strategic session "School Nutrition Reform: Strategic Development in the Context of War and Post-War Reconstruction of Ukraine". The event, which took place in Kyiv, was also joined by Minister of Education and Science of Ukraine Serhiy Shkarlet, Minister of Health Viktor Liashko, and Ambassador of the Swiss Confederation to Ukraine Claude Wild. We must guarantee security of Europe - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the special session of the European Council 9 February 2023 - 15:48 Europe is free and will be free. Europe is united, and I am sure that we must do everything to make sure that Europe is united with an independent Ukraine, with an independent Moldova, with an independent Georgia, with independent Baltic states, with Poland and with all the other states that are members of our modern Europe. Russia is trying to destroy the Ukrainian European way of life; we will not allow that - President's speech at the special plenary session of the European Parliament 9 February 2023 - 14:10 Europe will always remain free. As long as we are together and as long as we care about our Europe! Care about the European way of life. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with Emmanuel Macron and Olaf Scholz in Paris 9 February 2023 - 11:09 During a visit to France, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with President of France Emmanuel Macron and Federal Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz. President discussed "Rebuild Ukraine" direction with ambassadors of the United24 platform Elina Svitolina and Michel Hazanavicius 9 February 2023 - 10:40 French filmmaker Michel Hazanavicius has joined the team of ambassadors of the United24 fundraising platform founded by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Together with Ukrainian tennis player Elina Svitolina, the filmmaker will be in charge of the "Rebuild Ukraine" direction. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We must make Russia forebode Ukraine's offensive and wonder about how to get out of our territory 8 February 2023 - 23:57 Ukraine needs a lot of equipment and weapons not to be in anticipation of a Russian offensive, but to make Russia forebode the offensive of Ukrainian troops and wonder about how to get out of the territory of our country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives at the Bovington Camp military base following the negotiations with British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak. Declaration between the government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the government of Ukraine 8 February 2023 - 23:40 Declaration between the government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the government of Ukraine Ukraine and the United Kingdom will go all the way to our common victory together - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the negotiations with Rishi Sunak 8 February 2023 - 23:07 As the President emphasized, it is now clear that Ukraine and the UK are becoming true allies. President watched the training of Ukrainian defenders at the British military base 8 February 2023 - 20:17 During a visit to the United Kingdom, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak visited the Bovington Camp military base, where Ukrainian soldiers are being trained. 1 2 ... 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine