1 capture 20 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220320140858/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=18-03-2021&date-to=18-03-2022&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The more Russia uses terror against Ukraine, the worse the consequences will be for it - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 March 2022 - 02:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Humanitarian corridors for evacuation of people were opened in the Sumy, Kharkiv, Donetsk and Kyiv regions - Iryna Vereshchuk 10 March 2022 - 10:58 Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Iryna Vereshchuk said that on March 10, at 9:00 a number of evacuation routes were opened again. Europeans must tighten sanctions against Russia so that it has no chance to continue the genocide in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 March 2022 - 23:56 Europeans! Ukrainians! Mariupol residents! Today, we must be united in condemning this war crime of Russia, which reflects all the evil that the invaders brought to our land. Andriy Yermak: We are collecting all the facts about Russia's crimes and human rights violations in Ukraine, which will then be used in international courts 9 March 2022 - 23:17 A web platform https://humanrights.gov.ua/ has been created to effectively collect and process information on human rights violations by the Russian Federation during the war with Ukraine, Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak told. Ukrainians withstood and inspired the whole world with their determination - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 March 2022 - 12:34 There is no such place on earth where they are not aware of the heroism with which the Ukrainian people defend our beautiful land. Ukraine calls on Russia to observe ceasefire commitments where humanitarian corridors will work on March 9 - Iryna Vereshchuk 9 March 2022 - 11:50 "So, today from 9 o'clock in the morning the ceasefire regime is introduced on the following routes: Enerhodar - Zaporizhzhia, from Sumy in the direction of Poltava, from Mariupol in the direction of Zaporizhzhia, from Volnovakha of the Donetsk region in the direction of Pokrovsk of the Donetsk region, from Izyum of the Kharkiv region in the direction of Lozova of the Kharkiv region, as well as from the cities of Vorzel, Bucha, Borodyanka, Irpin, Hostomel of the Kyiv region to Kyiv via Stoyanka, Bilohorodka," Iryna Vereshchuk said. “Free Sky” artistic action: Kyiv Classic Orchestra will play a concert on Maidan Nezalezhnosti in support of the appeal of the people and the President of Ukraine to world leaders to close the sky 9 March 2022 - 09:38 On the birthday of the world-famous genius of the Ukrainian people Taras Shevchenko, an artistic action "Free Sky" in support of the call of the Ukrainian people and President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the West and other countries to close the sky over our country and stop the war will take place on Maidan Nezalezhnosti in Kyiv. The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 Either Russia will respect international law and will not wage wars, or it will not have the money to start wars. An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 And with this letter, I testify and tell the world: the war in Ukraine is not a war "somewhere out there." This is a war in Europe, close to the EU borders. Ukraine is stopping the force that may aggressively enter your cities tomorrow under the pretext of saving civilians. Last week to me and my people, this would have seemed like an exaggeration, but it is the reality we’re living in today. And we do not know how long it will last. If we don't stop Putin, who threatens to start a nuclear war, there will be no safe place in the world for any of us. Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Increase sanctions against the terrorist state. Recognize it as a terrorist state finally. Find a way to make our Ukrainian sky safe. Do what you can. Do what you have to. Do what the greatness of your state and your people obliges to. Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Ukraine is ready to hold a dialogue with Russia on security guarantees, on the future of the occupied territories of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, Crimea, but is not ready to capitulate. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for ABC News. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 104 105 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine