7 captures 19 Mar 2023 - 16 Oct 2025 Feb MAR Apr 19 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230319071833/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-ukrayina-ne-prosto-byetsya-z-napadnikom-ukray-81181 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos When Ukraine defends itself, when the power of justice are restored on our land, it will guarantee peace for many other parts of the world as well – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2023 - 21:26 View all videos n latest news When Ukraine defends itself, when the power of justice are restored on our land, it will guarantee peace for many other parts of the world as well – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2023 - 21:24 Sanctions against Russia are working, but there are opportunities to toughen them – study conducted by Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group jointly with KSE experts 18 March 2023 - 17:59 Representatives of Ukraine and the United States discussed repelling aggression 18 March 2023 - 00:05 Today, our youth have huge opportunities to declare themselves and do a lot for Ukraine in the world – Andriy Yermak at a meeting with students of the Institute of International Relations 17 March 2023 - 21:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska: Ukraine is not just fighting the attacker - Ukraine is fighting for human rights 23 February 2023 - 14:07 First Lady Olena Zelenska spoke at a special meeting of the United Nations on human rights violations in Ukraine due to Russian aggression. It was attended by more than 600 representatives of UN member states, civil society organizations and the Ukrainian community. The meeting consisted of two key panels: on the violation of children's rights and on the violation of the rights of prisoners of war. Olena Zelenska began her video address to the participants with footage of Bakhmut being stormed by Russian troops and shelling of Ukrainian cities by Russian artillery and aviation. "I want to show what human rights violations look like. Not on paper, but in reality. The daily reality of Ukraine after the Russian invasion. And you can see human rights violations yourself when you meet Ukrainian internally displaced persons in your countries every day. They have the right to be at home with their loved ones. Instead, Russia has deprived 6 million Ukrainians of their homes. And another 8 million have become displaced within their own country,” the First Lady said. The President's wife emphasized that there are human rights violations that are difficult for victims to even testify about. In particular, rape: The Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine is investigating more than 150 such crimes committed by Russian soldiers against Ukrainians. Olena Zelenska also spoke about violations of the rights of Ukrainian children: 16 thousand young Ukrainians have been abducted and forcibly taken to Russia. They are handed over to Russian families and orphanages, and the memory of their origin is being erased. "I think you will agree that all of us, regardless of country or nationality, have the right not to be killed in our own homes. However, Ukrainians are being killed in front of the whole world for already a year now. In their own cities, villages, apartments, hospitals. In theaters. That is why we are exercising another inalienable human right - the right to self-defense," the First Lady emphasized. She emphasized that violation of the rights of citizens of one country is an encroachment on the rights of citizens of other countries. "Human rights are like air - they have no borders. Either everyone has them or no one has them. That is why we say that this year we are not just fighting the attacker. We are fighting for human rights. Common to the people in Bakhmut, Dnipro, Kyiv, Mariupol, and to everyone who is in this room or has joined online. We are fighting for what unites us: the right to life, freedom, the right not to be tortured and to live freely. Therefore, justice for Ukraine is justice for the whole world," the President's wife is convinced. Olena Zelenska called on UN representatives to create a special tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression. "It is needed to "reaffirm faith in fundamental human rights, in the dignity and worth of the human person, in the equal rights of men and women." And these are not my words. This is a quote from the United Nations Charter, signed on June 26, 1945. After another terrible war. But they do sound so relevant today. Let's listen to them. Let's finally listen," the First Lady summarized. From February 22 to 24, a special event dedicated to the anniversary of Russia's invasion of Ukraine is taking place at the UN headquarters in New York. This format was introduced for the first time. The representation of the Organization's member states at the event is comparable to the meetings of the UN General Assembly, which traditionally takes place in the autumn. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine