2 captures 02 Jun 2024 - 04 Jun 2024 May JUN Jul 02 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240602154337/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zustrivsya-z-premyer-ministrom-singapuru-91325 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In the Near Future, the Issue of New Air Defense Systems and Co-Production Will Be Actively Discussed with Partners – Address by the President 30 May 2024 - 20:55 View all videos n latest news President Met with Prime Minister of Singapore 2 June 2024 - 14:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed the Peace Summit and the Development of Bilateral Relations with the President of Singapore 2 June 2024 - 12:52 President at the Press Conference in Singapore: Peace Summit Is the Beginning of the Path to Ending the War, Not to Another Escalation by Russia 2 June 2024 - 12:23 President Met with Heads of Leading Investment Companies of Singapore 2 June 2024 - 11:27 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Singapore for Participation in the IISS Shangri-La Dialogue 1 June 2024 - 17:33 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President Met with Prime Minister of Singapore 2 June 2024 - 14:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Singapore Lawrence Wong. The Head of State highly appreciated Singapore's consistent and resolute support for Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty, its assistance in overcoming the humanitarian consequences of the full-scale Russian invasion, and the sanctions imposed. The parties discussed preparations for the first inaugural Global Peace Summit. Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about Ukraine's vision of the Summit's outcomes and invited the Prime Minister of Singapore to personally participate in it. The President of Ukraine emphasized the importance of maximum unity and participation in the Summit of all states seeking a lasting, just peace based on the principles of the UN and international law. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Lawrence Wong paid special attention to the expansion of Ukrainian-Singaporean cooperation in the economic sphere. In particular, they discussed the prospects for expanding trade and increasing agricultural exports. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Singapore for Participation in the IISS Shangri-La Dialogue 1 June 2024 - 17:33 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Singapore for Participation in the IISS Shangri-La Dialogue 1 June 2024 - 17:33 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine