1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233323/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=10 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – On the Day of Knowledge, the President presented the Mriia innovative educational app - a unique digital project that will help fulfill the potential and talents of children 1 September 2023 - 16:07 The main goal of the Mriia project is to provide children with their own personal educational space and a unique development algorithm, and to open up opportunities for every Ukrainian to become the person they want to be. Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated students and educators in Ukraine and abroad on the Day of Knowledge 1 September 2023 - 15:50 On the Day of Knowledge, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke to Ukrainian students and educators via video conference and congratulated them on the start of the new school year. After the victory, Ukraine should be an example of barrier-free accessibility - President during a conversation with the university community of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 31 August 2023 - 21:30 After the end of the war, Ukraine will have a large number of veterans and civilians who have suffered various injuries as a result of hostilities, so our country should become an example of creating a barrier-free environment. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with the university community. The most important thing is to give an opportunity to develop science at universities - President during a conversation with the university community of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 31 August 2023 - 21:03 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the National Technical University of Ukraine "Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute", which celebrates the 125th anniversary of its foundation, and spoke with professors, lecturers and students. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of BAE Systems 31 August 2023 - 10:01 As a result of the meeting, the Ministry of Strategic Industries of Ukraine and BAE Systems signed a Cooperation Agreement on the localization of BAE Systems arms production in the presence of the President of Ukraine and the CEO of BAE Systems. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed the implementation of the Peace Formula, security guarantees for Ukraine and the functioning of the "grain corridor" with the Prime Minister of Japan 29 August 2023 - 15:37 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida. President on the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine: There are no words to describe the strength, greatness and self-sacrifice of a hero who remains forever in battle for his people to preserve freedom and emerge victorious 29 August 2023 - 13:49 On the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the warriors fallen in the Russian-Ukrainian war. Volodymyr Zelenskyy handed over the Gold Star Orders to family members of Ukrainian defenders who were posthumously awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The United States and the EU should share the risks of possible elections in Ukraine during the war 27 August 2023 - 19:58 Elections in Ukraine under martial law are possible only if the right to vote is ensured for all citizens, including military personnel and forced migrants abroad; funding and the presence of foreign observers at polling stations on the frontline must also be ensured. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with journalist Natalia Moseychuk. President: Ukraine will be number one in military tech 27 August 2023 - 19:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that one of the most promising areas of Ukraine's development now and after our victory will be security-related industries and security technologies. He said this in an interview with journalist Natalia Moseychuk. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Türkiye 25 August 2023 - 17:03 The Head of State noted Türkiye's continued and consistent support for Ukraine, as well as diplomatic efforts of its leadership, primarily President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, aimed at ending the war and restoring stability and security in the Black Sea region. 1 2 ... 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine