1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032439/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=40 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with the Prime Minister of Norway 3 May 2023 - 17:46 In the framework of the Nordic-Ukrainian Summit, which is taking place in Helsinki, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Norway Jonas Gahr Støre. President of Ukraine met with the Speaker of the Parliament of Finland in Helsinki 3 May 2023 - 17:37 As part of his official visit to Finland, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Speaker of the Parliament and Leader of the National Coalition Party Petteri Orpo. President: Ukraine hopes to receive combat aircraft after successful offensive at the front 3 May 2023 - 17:29 "Why am I sure we will get aircraft? Because soon we will have offensive actions. And after them, I am sure we will be given aircraft," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Ukraine and Finland have started preparing the 16th defense package crucial for Ukraine's defense – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after meeting with Sauli Niinistö in Helsinki 3 May 2023 - 16:46 During his official visit to the Republic of Finland, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of Finland Sauli Niinistö. President of Ukraine had a meeting with President of the Assembly of the Republic of Portugal 2 May 2023 - 18:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of the Assembly of the Republic of Portugal Augusto Santos Silva who is on a visit to Kyiv at the head of a parliamentary delegation. President of Ukraine had a conversation with President of France 30 April 2023 - 16:01 In the framework of the continued dialogue, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meaningful conversation with President of the French Republic Emmanuel Macron that lasted more than an hour. President on the Day of Border Guards: Heroism, reliability and resilience of border guard troops will make a powerful contribution to the restoration of the state border of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 15:09 On Sunday, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in events on the occasion of the Day of the Border Guard of Ukraine and presented state awards. Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds meeting with management, investors of Horizon Capital, raising over $250 million for investment in Ukraine 29 April 2023 - 15:20 Horizon Capital representatives announced raising $254 million for its new Horizon Capital Growth Fund IV (HCGF IV). The fund will invest in Ukrainian companies. The Head of State thanked those present for participating in the fund and investing in Ukraine. With President of China, implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula, return of deported children from Russia, inadmissibility of supplying weapons to Russia were discussed – President of Ukraine 28 April 2023 - 19:45 The Head of State said that during the phone talk, the need to restore the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine within the borders of 1991 and the importance of observing the UN Charter were discussed. There can be no defense taboos in security assistance to Ukraine – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after a meeting with leaders of the Czech Republic and Slovakia 28 April 2023 - 18:58 Today, there cannot be any artificial restrictions on defense assistance to Ukraine, and ambitious decisions that will strengthen the common European security are needed. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the negotiations with President of the Czech Republic Petr Pavel and President of the Slovak Republic Zuzana Čaputová in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine