4 captures 22 Apr 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Mar APR May 22 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230422072959/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonni-peregovori-iz-zovnishnopoliti-82429 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Now we all need to stay united, mobilized and fully focused on defense – address of the President of Ukraine 21 April 2023 - 19:03 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak had phone talk with foreign policy advisors to heads of government of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Iceland, foreign policy advisor to Finland's President 21 April 2023 - 21:16 Now we all need to stay united, mobilized and fully focused on defense – address of the President of Ukraine 21 April 2023 - 19:02 President held a meeting with the EBRD President 21 April 2023 - 16:17 Daria Herasymchuk met with the delegation of the European Commission, European Parliament and Sweden led by Dubravka Šuica 21 April 2023 - 14:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the International Summit of Cities and Regions in Kyiv 20 April 2023 - 16:49 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had phone talk with foreign policy advisors to heads of government of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Iceland, foreign policy advisor to Finland's President 21 April 2023 - 21:16 On behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak had a phone talk with the foreign policy advisors to the heads of government of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Iceland and the foreign policy advisor to the President of Finland. The parties discussed the formats of further support for Ukraine. "I want to note the significant contribution of Northern Europe's countries to speeding up Ukraine's victory and emphasize the importance of further coordination to strengthen the political and practical support for our country in the fight against Russian aggression," Yermak said at the beginning of the talks. The head of the Office of the President also outlined the Ukrainian vision of the possible scope and specific mechanisms for implementing guarantees, reflected in the Kyiv Security Compact, developed by the Yermak-Rasmussen international expert group. According to Yermak, a clear algorithm for Ukraine's movement towards membership in the Alliance should be proposed at the Vilnius NATO summit. "I hope that the countries of Northern Europe will support the provision of security guarantees to Ukraine before it becomes a full member of NATO and are ready to sign the relevant document," he said, calling on the participants to share their views on the possibilities of maximizing the practical results of the Vilnius NATO Summit and, in particular, provision of security guarantees to Ukraine before joining the Alliance. The head of the President's Office also informed the representatives of the Northern European countries about the Ukrainian Peace Formula. Yermak said Ukraine is counting on the readiness of these states to participate in its implementation and to encourage as many other countries as possible to join. He reiterated the importance of holding the Global Peace Summit, ensuring participation in it at the highest level, and called to consider the proposal on the possibility of hosting it by one of the Scandinavian countries. Separately, the participants in the talks focused on the issues of expanding defense support for Ukraine, including air defense, long-range artillery, combat aircraft and ammunition. The head of the President's Office separately thanked Finland for the decision to provide the 15th defense aid package of EUR 78 million to Ukraine, which brought the total cost of the defense aid packages to EUR 990 million. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine