130 captures 21 Mar 2022 - 15 Oct 2025 Feb MAR Apr 21 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220321225522/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ce-buv-ishe-odin-den-yakij-nablizhaye-nas-usih-do-peremogi-z-73717 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Drive the occupiers out, drive these slaves out: President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the residents of Ukrainian cities 21 March 2022 - 21:20 View all videos n latest news It was another day that brought us all closer to victory - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 March 2022 - 00:39 Drive the occupiers out, drive these slaves out: President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the residents of Ukrainian cities 21 March 2022 - 21:17 We are working to make the whole world friends of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 March 2022 - 00:49 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Knesset 20 March 2022 - 20:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches It was another day that brought us all closer to victory - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 March 2022 - 00:39 Free people of a free country! Our 26th day of full-scale war is over. After 8 years of aggression in the east of our state. The enemy is slowly trying to move. To go on the offensive somewhere. To capture our road somewhere. To cross the river somewhere. The Ukrainian army - well done - repels these attempts. And holds back the occupiers. Today, Russian troops hit the Zhytomyr region with Grads. They got a decent answer. Another enemy aircraft was shot down in the Kharkiv region near Chuhuiv. Our military has already shot down so many Russian planes and helicopters that one can only wonder: what do their pilots have instead of mind? Is it also emptiness? I said “also” not by accident, because they definitely have emptiness instead of heart. Instead of soul. Instead of everything that makes a human human. Borys Romanchenko, a former prisoner of Nazi concentration camps, was killed in Kharkiv. He was 96 years old. Think about it - he went through so much! He survived in Buchenwald, Dora-Mittelbau, Peenemünde and Bergen-Belsen - the death conveyors created by the Nazis. And he was killed by a Russian projectile that hit an ordinary Kharkiv high-rise building... Each passing day of this war makes it increasingly clear what their "denazification" is. In Kherson, the occupiers shot at people who peacefully took to the streets without weapons at a rally for their freedom. For our freedom. The Russian soldiers do not even know what it is like to be free. They were driven here, to be honest, as if sentenced. Sentenced to death, sentenced to disgrace. A column of civilians came under fire in the Zaporizhzhia region. There were many children. Four children were hospitalized. Two are in grave condition. During the day 8 humanitarian corridors worked. Kyiv, Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Vorzel, Bucha, Velyka Dymerka, Mariupol, Lysychansk, Severodonetsk, Popasna and Kreminna. 8 thousand 57 people were rescued. Thank you to everyone who did it, who worked for the people. We also managed to deliver 200 tons of humanitarian aid. I spoke today with Prime Minister of the Netherlands Rutte and President of France Emanuel Macron. We are coordinating our positions on the eve of important summits in Europe. Meetings of the G7, leaders of NATO and the European Union will take place on March 24. Our position will definitely sound. It will sound, believe me, firmly. I signed a decree on awarding orders and medals to 105 of our warriors. I am grateful to each of them. 7 of them are, unfortunately, awarded posthumously. It was a day of difficult events. Difficult conclusions. But it was another day that brought us all closer to our victory. To peace for our state. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine