7 captures 25 Feb 2023 - 13 Jul 2025 Jan FEB Mar 25 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230225114510/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-zrobimo-ukrayinsku-formulu-miru-osnovoyu-novoyi-bezpeki-v-81277 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy "The furious year of invincibility" 24 February 2023 - 08:09 View all videos n latest news We will make the Ukrainian Peace Formula the basis of a new security in Europe and the world – address of President of Ukraine to participants of International Forum in Kaunas 25 February 2023 - 12:49 Jets are the protection of our sky, we have taken major steps in this regard – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 February 2023 - 22:38 President: I believe those guilty of war crimes in Ukraine will be justly punished 24 February 2023 - 21:21 Ukraine grateful to Japan for its support, in particular within G7 – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 February 2023 - 21:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in state events on the anniversary of invincibility 24 February 2023 - 11:56 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We will make the Ukrainian Peace Formula the basis of a new security in Europe and the world – address of President of Ukraine to participants of International Forum in Kaunas 25 February 2023 - 12:49 Mr. President Gitanas! Dear rector! Ladies and Gentlemen! Lithuanian people! You and us, Ukrainians and Lithuanians, are walking together through the history of Europe. We are united by generations and centuries. We have gone through good times and tragic times, peaceful times and brutal times. Through all the years of our existence, Ukrainians and Lithuanians have always been fighting for freedom, one way or another. Now is a great time. A time when we can win and guarantee our freedom not just for years, not just for decades. Now is the time when we can protect our freedom forever. Russia must lose in Ukraine. Russian revanchism must forever forget about Kyiv and Vilnius, about Chișinău and Warsaw, about our brothers in Latvia and Estonia, in Georgia and in every other country that is now threatened by Russian murderers. We can do it. We have this historic chance. And I thank all of you, Lithuanian people, I thank all of you, friends, for doing everything you can with us to not miss this historic chance. Defense assistance, political, economic, humanitarian - there is no area in which Ukraine has not felt Lithuania's sincerity and determination. Ukrainians will always remember this and will always remain grateful for this. And I believe that this year we can add another milestone to our history: our joint victory in the war against a common enemy. We will preserve our independence. We will definitely preserve it. This means that we must act now to give our nations reliable guarantees of non-return of evil. The Ukrainian Peace Formula consists of ten points that provide just such guarantees. These are obviously necessary security points. This is the obviously necessary de-occupation of Ukraine. And this is obviously necessary justice for all those who suffered from Russian aggression. No person on earth should ever again be threatened by hunger and radiation disasters, aggression and terror, energy sector destruction and blackout of international law, deportation and ecocide. Russia is bringing all this with its aggression. We will wipe it all off. Our heroic warriors will do it. Our cooperation with you and with the whole world will do it. Our Peace Formula will do it. And as a result, we will make our Peace Formula the basis for a new security for everyone in Europe and everyone in the world who values life. I am sure that Lithuania will be on this path with us! Glory to all who fight for freedom! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine