2 captures 25 May 2022 - 15 Jun 2024 Apr MAY Jun 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220525143305/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zvernuvsya-do-ukrayinciv-na-timchasovo-okupov-65101 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The supply of weapons to Ukraine is the best investment in maintaining stability in the world - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 May 2022 - 22:56 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Davos: Both Ukraine and Western countries need unity and self-confidence today 25 May 2022 - 15:24 The supply of weapons to Ukraine is the best investment in maintaining stability in the world - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 May 2022 - 22:55 Olena Zelenska spoke about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine in the framework of the World Economic Forum in Davos 24 May 2022 - 22:34 Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak at the Securing Europe panel in the framework of the World Economic Forum in Davos 24 May 2022 - 20:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President addressed Ukrainians in the temporarily occupied territories: Ukraine is open to you - in every sense of the word 14 November 2020 - 20:14 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that the construction of new and modern checkpoints on the line of delimitation and restoration of roads and infrastructure of Donbas is an indisputable proof that Ukraine is open to all its citizens, including those living in the temporarily occupied territories. "We are moving forward on the path to peace in our country," the Head of State stressed in his vlog. He reminded that Ukraine has opened all checkpoints in the controlled territory of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions. At the same time, a few days ago, two new checkpoints appeared in the Luhansk region in Zolote and Shchastya. "Remember, there was a lot of “betrayal” because of the disengagement of troops there. And now it is peace and quiet there. By the way, I was there a week ago. We have opened a new service center in Shchastya, where people can now receive pensions, social benefits and a total of 88 administrative services. And, by the way, in the same center there is a bank branch, post office, pharmacy, mother and child room. Convenient, modern, comfortable, safe," the President stated. The President expressed his conviction that Ukraine should be associated with such words as convenience, comfort and security, especially for the citizens living in the occupied territories. "I believe that such centers and such approaches should be implemented as much as possible. We can say this: there should be such a piece of Shchastya in the whole territory of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy added. Separately, the President addressed citizens living in the temporarily occupied territories in Russian: "You see everything for yourself - Ukraine is open to you. In every sense of the word. You know who blocks the checkpoints on the other side. Who divides us. In every sense of the word. I am sure that you not only see and know this, but also, most importantly, draw your own conclusions. In every sense of the word". Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed: Ukraine, for its part, is doing everything to finally end the war. "I know for sure that this war will end and we will not need any checkpoints," the President summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine