7 captures 01 Sep 2023 - 10 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230901101329/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-radnikom-prezidenta-85177 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos An agreement has been reached on the supply of a large batch of armored medevac vehicles to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 August 2023 - 21:53 View all videos n latest news An agreement has been reached on the supply of a large batch of armored medevac vehicles to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 August 2023 - 21:48 Daria Herasymchuk: Ukraine, together with the UN, is developing an implementation strategy to prevent and combat violations of children's rights in the context of Russia's armed aggression 31 August 2023 - 21:32 After the victory, Ukraine should be an example of barrier-free accessibility - President during a conversation with the university community of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 31 August 2023 - 21:30 The most important thing is to give an opportunity to develop science at universities - President during a conversation with the university community of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 31 August 2023 - 21:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's meeting with the university community of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 31 August 2023 - 17:40 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the Office of the President had a phone call with the U.S. National Security Advisor 24 August 2023 - 18:54 As part of the ongoing dialogue with allies, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. During a conversation that took place the day before, Andriy Yermak informed his interlocutor about the current situation at the front and the actions of Ukrainian troops to liberate the territories of Ukraine. The parties discussed priority Ukrainian defense needs. The Head of the Presidential Office expressed gratitude for the U.S. leadership in the coalition of fighter jets and the decisions that enabled the training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16s and paved the way for Ukraine to receive these modern fighter jets. Andriy Yermak and Jake Sullivan also discussed the importance of the Peace Formula and negotiation of security commitments under the Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine. Andriy Yermak thanked U.S. President Joseph Biden, both houses of Congress and the entire American people for their help and support for Ukraine in the fight for independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of our country. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine