12 captures 23 Jul 2022 - 05 Oct 2025 Jun JUL Aug 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220723143023/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/imagine-dragons-stali-ambasadorami-platformi-united24-76629 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia did everything to destroy Ukraine's export potential; we didn't allow it – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 July 2022 - 22:29 View all videos n latest news Imagine Dragons become ambassadors for UNITED24 platform 23 July 2022 - 16:17 President of Ukraine meets with US Congress' House delegation 23 July 2022 - 15:49 International working group reviews draft recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine 23 July 2022 - 09:46 Russia did everything to destroy Ukraine's export potential; we didn't allow it – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 July 2022 - 22:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The meeting of the President of Ukraine with the delegation of the House of the United States Congress in Kyiv 23 July 2022 - 15:51 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Imagine Dragons become ambassadors for UNITED24 platform 23 July 2022 - 16:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online call discussed with the members of one of the world's most popular bands, Imagine Dragons, their future collaboration with the fundraising platform UNITED24. The musicians will promote the Medical Aid direction of UNITED24. In particular, they will support the fundraising for ambulances, which was started by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska. "In 2018, you visited our country for the first time. In 2022, you are still doing your best so that the voice of Ukraine continues to be heard throughout the world. Thank you for this!" Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The group's lead singer, Dan Reynolds, said: "We love the people of Ukraine and want to help in any way possible. Injustices like this can only be conquered when people around the world come together. We stand by the beautiful people of Ukraine and their courageous leader President Zelenskyy." According to the musician, Imagine Dragons will work with UNITED24 and local leaders to continually find ways to raise awareness and funds for the people until this unjust war ends. "We look forward to the day when we can play a concert again in Kyiv and celebrate freedom, life and music with the resilient and strong people of Ukraine," Reynolds said. The first project the band will support as part of this collaboration is a fundraiser for Ambulance Vehicles launched by Olena Zelenska to help save thousands of lives. Today's estimated number of reanimobiles needed in Ukraine is 400. Such vehicles are equipped with everything required to transport the severely injured to a hospital: oxygen tanks, cardiomonitors, defibrillators, electrocardiographs and ALV devices. The approximate cost of one C-type ambulance vehicle is EUR 100,000. Imagine Dragons are the latest to join legendary footballer Andriy Shevchenko, outstanding tennis player Elina Svitolina, and American actor Liev Schreiber, who are all already helping the fundraising platform UNITED24 raise funds for Ukraine. The next ambassador will be announced in the upcoming week. The Grammy Award winners have had a long, heartfelt connection with their Ukrainian audience. In 2018, they visited Ukraine for the first time: tickets to the largest concert venue – the Olympic Stadium in Kyiv – sold out in the first few weeks. The group was supposed to return on June 3, 2022, but the event had to be canceled due to the Russian invasion. The artists immediately canceled their planned performance in the Russian Federation as well, and banned the release of their discography there. Additionally, the American band supported Ukraine by performing at the Save Ukraine telethon, and during this year's European tour, the group's lead singer, Dan Reynolds, was rarely seen without the Ukrainian flag, dedicating songs to the country. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine