17 captures 02 Jul 2024 - 08 Feb 2026 Jun JUL Aug 02 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240702155255/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/golovuvannya-ugorshini-v-yes-pitannya-bezpeki-ta-ugoda-pro-d-91913 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos This Month Can Bring Ukraine Even More Strength, in Particular in Protecting the Sky – Address by the President of Ukraine 1 July 2024 - 19:43 View all videos n latest news Ukraine and the Czech Republic Held Another Round of Talks on Bilateral Security Agreement 2 July 2024 - 16:37 Hungary's EU Presidency, Security Issues, and the Bilateral Relations Agreement: Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Viktor Orbán in Kyiv 2 July 2024 - 15:03 This Month Can Bring Ukraine Even More Strength, in Particular in Protecting the Sky – Address by the President of Ukraine 1 July 2024 - 19:43 President Met with the Delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives 1 July 2024 - 18:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Hungary in Kyiv 2 July 2024 - 15:15 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Hungary's EU Presidency, Security Issues, and the Bilateral Relations Agreement: Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Viktor Orbán in Kyiv 2 July 2024 - 15:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Hungary Viktor Orbán in Kyiv. His visit took place immediately after the start of Hungary's EU presidency. "This is clear evidence of our common European priorities and the importance of returning a just peace to Ukraine and the whole of Europe, resolving the existing difficulties and providing new foundations for the strengthening of Europe, economic and social growth," the President emphasized. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Hungary for supporting Ukrainians and providing humanitarian aid to our country. He also noted the country's participation in the first Peace Summit and support for the final communiqué. "We have discussed in detail how Hungary can demonstrate its leadership in the preparation of the second Peace Summit. We see the possibility of organizing the second Peace Summit already this year, and we would very much like this to happen. We can complete all the preparatory work for this in the coming months," emphasized the Head of State. The parties also discussed cooperation at the EU level and expectations from the Hungarian presidency. Special attention was paid to the most fundamental topics of neighborly relations: trade, cross-border cooperation, infrastructure and energy issues. In particular, they agreed to open the first Ukrainian school in Hungary. "Hungary will take on the funding of this school. As many Ukrainian schools will be opened as needed. It is important for us that Ukrainians feel at home in Hungary," emphasized Viktor Orbán. He also expressed hope for resolving issues concerning the Hungarian national minority and commended all the initiatives of the President of Ukraine aimed at achieving peace. The Prime Minister thanked Volodymyr Zelenskyy for his candid stance and assured him of Hungary's support. "I wish all the best to Ukraine, and during the Hungarian presidency we will help you in any way we can," he said. Viktor Orbán said the purpose of his visit was to resolve issues of bilateral relations. He emphasized Hungary's willingness to improve them and sign a bilateral agreement in the future. “The substance of our dialogue can become the basis for a new bilateral document between our countries that will regulate all our relations, based on a reciprocal approach to bilateral relations. Our teams will continue to work on the details of our common decisions,” the President of Ukraine summed up. v Videos ph The Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Hungary in Kyiv 2 July 2024 - 15:15 ph The Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Hungary in Kyiv 2 July 2024 - 15:15 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine