1 capture 02 Dec 2022 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202140108/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=06-10-2021&date-to=06-10-2022&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska met with Agata Kornhauser-Duda in Poland and spoke at the Warsaw Security Forum 5 October 2022 - 12:32 The wife of the President of Ukraine Olena Zelenska paid a visit to the Republic of Poland, during which she held a meeting with the first lady of this country Agata Kornhauser-Duda, spoke at the Warsaw Security Forum and received the Knight of Freedom Award awarded to the Ukrainian people. President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 5 October 2022 - 12:22 Plans regarding further liberation of Ukrainian territories were considered. We must create a Special Tribunal on the crime of aggression against Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the public debate "War and Law" in Paris 5 October 2022 - 09:51 I invite all of you to participate in the establishment of appropriate legal institutions. Anyone who joins in restoring justice now will join in guaranteeing long-term peace for all of us in Europe and the world. The Ukrainian army is carrying out a pretty fast and powerful advance in the south of our country - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 October 2022 - 22:44 In particular, according to the military reports from the Kherson region: the settlements of Lyubymivka, Khreshchenivka, Zolota Balka, Bilyaivka, Ukrainka, Velyka and Mala Oleksandrivka, and Davydiv Brid were liberated from the occupier and stabilized. And this is far from a complete list... Our warriors do not stop. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Joseph Biden 4 October 2022 - 22:40 The Ukrainian head of state thanked for the strong support of Ukraine consistently demonstrated by the U.S. government. Volodymyr Zelenskyy separately noted the recent two packages – 1.1 billion dollars in security assistance and almost 12.4 billion dollars in aid to our state. President of Ukraine congratulated the leader of the Brothers of Italy political force on winning the elections and discussed the further development of Ukrainian-Italian relations 4 October 2022 - 20:26 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with leader of the Brothers of Italy political force Giorgia Meloni, who won the recent parliamentary elections by a landslide. President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Prime Minister of India 4 October 2022 - 18:29 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Narendra Modi for India's support of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, and also emphasized the importance of the Indian leader's recent statement that now is not the time for war. Ukraine appreciates people, saves people – these are fundamental rules for our state – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 October 2022 - 23:44 And we will do everything to make such a meeting possible for the families of all Ukrainians who are still in Russian captivity one day – a meeting with their relatives. Andriy Yermak met with the President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda 3 October 2022 - 23:28 During his stay in Warsaw, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda. Pursuant to the instruction of the President, Andriy Yermak presented the Gold Star Orders to five defenders of Azovstal, who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 3 October 2022 - 20:32 The awarding ceremony took place during the meeting of Andriy Yermak and First Lady Olena Zelenska with Azovstal defenders and members of their families in Türkiye. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 152 153 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine