1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233423/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=32 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak discussed with Jake Sullivan the continuation of security, economic and humanitarian support for Ukraine 13 December 2022 - 21:40 As part of the ongoing dialogue, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with U.S. President's National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan. Ukraine expects Red Cross to take more concrete, effective steps regarding Ukrainian POWs – Andriy Yermak at meeting with ICRC President Mirjana Spoljaric Egger 10 December 2022 - 17:46 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with a delegation of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) led by President of the ICRC Mirjana Spoljaric Egger. Andriy Yermak meets with G7 ambassadors to discuss Ukrainian peace formula 9 December 2022 - 23:06 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting with the G7 ambassadors accredited in Ukraine. He presented to foreign diplomats the peace formula proposed by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy when he delivered an online speech at the G19 summit, which took place in Bali, Indonesia in November. Roman Mashovets meets with Ambassador of Estonia to Ukraine 9 December 2022 - 22:31 Deputy head of the Office of the President of Ukraine held a meeting with Ambassador of the Republic of Estonia to Ukraine Kaimo Kuusk, the defense attaché and his assistant for bilateral cooperation in the security area. Head of President's Office holds meeting with journalists from Vatican, representatives of Catholic media 9 December 2022 - 22:27 At the meeting, the head of the Office of the President answered questions concerning relations between Ukraine and the Vatican, and talked about the contribution that Pope Francis can make to end the unjust war started by Russia. Russia's full-scale aggression against Ukraine evidences crisis of international human rights protection system, necessary to look for ways to reform it – Andriy Yermak 9 December 2022 - 21:04 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak has said that Ukraine will definitely seek to punish all those guilty of crimes against Ukrainians during the full-scale war unleashed by Russia, and will continue working tirelessly to return all prisoners of war and deported Ukrainian citizens. Head of Office of Ukraine's President discusses deepening Ukrainian-Indian cooperation with advisor to Prime Minister of India 8 December 2022 - 23:02 The parties discussed key issues of Ukrainian-Indian cooperation, as well as ways of its development in bilateral and multilateral formats. Andriy Yermak called on the US to support the creation of a special tribunal for Russia 8 December 2022 - 10:09 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak, opening the discussion "Criminal Prosecution for the Crime of Aggression Committed in Ukraine" in Washington, called on the US to support the creation of a special tribunal that will try the top leadership of Russia. Roman Mashovets held a meeting with representatives of the embassies of France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the Netherlands 7 December 2022 - 17:48 During the meeting, information was heard about the situation on the frontline and measures to repel Russian armed aggression. The parties also discussed the specific needs of the defense forces of Ukraine, in particular in the provision of weapons and ammunition. Andriy Yermak meets with Victoria Nuland who arrived in Ukraine on visit 3 December 2022 - 19:50 Yermak briefed Nuland on the peace formula of 10 essential points, which President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented to the G20 leaders on November 15. The parties discussed further steps aimed at its implementation. 1 2 ... 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine