4 captures 29 Dec 2022 - 04 Oct 2023 Nov DEC Jan 29 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221229204923/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/golovna-meta-formuli-miru-pozbaviti-rosiyu-instrumentiv-dlya-80157 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos No matter what is happening and what is on your mind, be sure to support each other - address by the President of Ukraine 28 December 2022 - 22:20 View all videos n latest news The main goal of the Peace Formula is to deprive Russia of the tools to commit the crime of aggression against our state and the world - Ihor Zhovkva 29 December 2022 - 21:12 For the President, the life of every Ukrainian is important, therefore a large team is working on the release of Ukrainian prisoners - Andriy Yermak 29 December 2022 - 20:51 Ukraine and the United States have a common understanding of goals in the fight against the Russian aggressor - Andriy Yermak 29 December 2022 - 20:15 Ending the war in Ukraine should become important for every country in the world, this is exactly what the Ukrainian Peace Formula provides for - Andriy Yermak 29 December 2022 - 18:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Verkhovna Rada session to deliver an annual Message to the Parliament on the external and internal situation of Ukraine 28 December 2022 - 17:21 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The main goal of the Peace Formula is to deprive Russia of the tools to commit the crime of aggression against our state and the world - Ihor Zhovkva 29 December 2022 - 21:12 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held an online meeting with Foreign and European Policy Adviser to the Federal Chancellor of the Republic of Austria Barbara Kaudel-Jensen. The parties focused on the concept of the Peace Formula proposed by the President of Ukraine to the democratic world at this year's G20 Summit. The vision of Austria's participation in its ten components was discussed in detail. "We are grateful to Austria for its willingness to actively engage in the practical implementation of the Peace Formula and the decision to act as a co-leader in the implementation of one of its ten points. Russia's attack on Ukraine is an attack on every country to some extent in one or another sphere. Therefore, the main goal of the Peace Formula is to deprive Russia of the tools to commit the crime of aggression against our country and the world," Ihor Zhovkva emphasized. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office noted the significant contribution of Austria to the implementation of the "grain initiative", which is an important component of global food and social security, as well as the intention to continue cooperation in this direction. The interlocutors discussed the current security situation in Ukraine and the challenges facing the energy sector in view of the massive Russian missile attacks on the entire territory of our country. "Only thanks to the global unity with the practical support of Austria and other foreign partners, will we be able to endure this extremely difficult winter," Ihor Zhovkva emphasized. He also informed his Austrian counterpart about Ukraine's progress in the implementation of the recommendations of the European Commission necessary for acquiring membership in the European Union. "We count on Austria's support for the assessment of Ukraine's progress on the European integration path in the spring of next year, which will open a window for the beginning of negotiations on the legal accession of our state to the European project," the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office noted. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine