19 captures 22 Apr 2021 - 17 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220215044234/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-z-poslami-g7-perebig-peregovoriv-sho-68101 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and G7 ambassadors discussed the course of negotiations on ending the war in Donbas, renewal of the CCU and a number of important reforms in Ukraine 21 April 2021 - 22:11 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7 countries. His deputies Ihor Zhovkva, Andriy Smyrnov and Yulia Svyrydenko also took part in the meeting. First of all, Andriy Yermak informed the diplomats about the security situation in Donbas and near the borders of Ukraine and about the progress of negotiations on ending the war and establishing peace, in particular at the level of political advisers to the leaders of the Normandy format. He noted that at the last video conference of advisers on April 19, due to the position of the Russian Federation, it was not possible to agree on the text of a joint statement in support of the resumption of the ceasefire in Donbas. On the other hand, on April 20, during the meeting of the TCG working group on security issues, the full text was practically agreed with the amendments of the Ukrainian side on measures to support the ceasefire. "I hope that a way out will be found to effectively monitor the ceasefire violation with the mediation of the OSCE SMM. The Ukrainian side also suggested that the TCG security group unconditionally convene in cases of casualties due to the shelling in Donbas. We believe that there should be a stricter responsibility for sniper attacks," Andriy Yermak said. In addition, the Head of the President's Office noted that the process of mutual release of detainees is not moving forward. "Ukraine has stated that we are ready to hand over five people on the eve of Easter. These are mostly women and ill people. Unfortunately, we haven't heard anything from the other side yet," he said. Andriy Yermak also stressed that Ukraine, like the entire international community, demands and expects the withdrawal of Russian troops from Ukraine's borders, and that diplomatic pressure from the G7 countries is important for this. In addition, according to him, the support for Ukraine's path to the EU and NATO by the G7 countries is extremely important. Andriy Yermak noted that President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his team are determined to restart the Constitutional Court. To this end, on April 20, the President signed a decree on the establishment of a contest committee for the selection of candidates for judges of the CCU under the President's quota. In this regard, Andriy Yermak asked the G7 ambassadors to nominate world-renowned constitutional law experts from their countries who could take part in the work of this committee. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Yulia Svyrydenko told the diplomats that the reform of Ukroboronprom will involve the creation of two large holding companies and the corporatization of its member companies. For his part, Deputy Head of the President’s Office Andriy Smyrnov announced the preparation of a law in the framework of the judicial reform, which will provide for the creation of a disciplinary body separate from the High Council of Justice, leaving the HCJ with little power. Preparations are also underway for the adoption in the second reading of amendments to the law on the Security Service of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine