1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032432/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=39 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine had a meeting with the King of the Netherlands 4 May 2023 - 17:59 The Head of State expressed gratitude to His Majesty for the comprehensive support of the Netherlands for Ukraine in the defense of our freedom and independence. President: Ukraine stands against hybrid formats of tribunal for Russian crime of aggression 4 May 2023 - 17:04 Ukraine continues to work on the establishment of a Special Tribunal for the crime of aggression, and any hybrid formats of such a tribunal are unacceptable. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives in The Hague. President of Ukraine following the negotiations with Prime Ministers of the Netherlands and Belgium: We are meeting in The Hague to bring peace closer and restore justice 4 May 2023 - 16:55 During an official visit to the Kingdom of the Netherlands, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte and Prime Minister of Belgium Alexander De Croo. Joint Declaration by Ukraine, the Kingdom of Belgium and the Kingdom of the Netherlands at the occasion of the visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Netherlands on 4th of May 2023 4 May 2023 - 16:32 The Kingdom of Belgium and the Kingdom of the Netherlands reiterate their unwavering support for Ukraine’s independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity within its internationally recognised borders, as well their full support to Ukraine’s inherent right to self-defence and to choose its own security arrangements. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of the International Criminal Court and the ICC Registrar in The Hague 4 May 2023 - 13:15 He praised the work of the International Criminal Court in this area, in particular, noting the importance of the decision to issue arrest warrants for the President and the Commissioner for Children's Rights of the aggressor state on charges of deporting Ukrainian children. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with speakers of the House of Representatives and the Senate of the Netherlands in The Hague 4 May 2023 - 12:27 The Head of State thanked the leaders of the Dutch Parliament for a clear and active position of the legislative body in support of Ukraine and important steps that helped our country to repel Russian aggression. In Helsinki, President of Ukraine held bilateral meetings with Prime Ministers of Sweden, Denmark and Iceland 3 May 2023 - 22:40 During his visit to Finland, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with Prime Minister of Sweden Ulf Kristersson, Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen and Prime Minister of Iceland Katrín Jakobsdóttir. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We are attacking neither Putin nor Moscow – we are defending our villages and cities 3 May 2023 - 21:29 Ukraine does not attack Russia or its President, but defends its independence and territorial integrity. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives following the Nordic-Ukrainian Summit in Helsinki. President: Security in concrete daily defense against Russian terrorists was the main topic of the Nordic-Ukrainian Summit 3 May 2023 - 20:40 During his official visit to Finland, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the Nordic-Ukrainian Summit held in Helsinki. Joint statement of the Nordic-Ukrainian Summit in Helsinki 3 May 2023 - 18:45 At their meeting in Helsinki on 3 May 2023, the Presidents of Finland and Ukraine and the Prime Ministers of Denmark, Iceland, Norway and Sweden issued the following statement. 1 2 ... 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine