1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309031601/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=95 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President is on a working trip to Donbas 8 April 2021 - 11:05 Volodymyr Zelenskyy is going to Donbas as the Supreme Commander-in-Chief to communicate with the military and support the fighting spirit of the defenders. Head of the President's Office discussed the security situation in Donbas with the Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 7 April 2021 - 21:19 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference with International Affairs Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Quarrey. President had a meeting with the Chairman of the NATO Military Committee 7 April 2021 - 21:16 "We are grateful for NATO's serious interest in the situation in Ukraine, the east and the occupied Crimea. We are grateful to our partners for their constant support of our sovereignty and territorial integrity. Unfortunately, we really see complications now in the east of Ukraine, in Donbas. We really see an increase in the number of gunshots," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said at the beginning of the meeting. Ihor Zhovkva and the diplomatic advisor to the President of Slovakia discussed topical issues of bilateral cooperation and Ukraine's relations with the EU 6 April 2021 - 19:46 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with diplomatic advisor to the President of the Slovak Republic Jana Kobzova. Ukraine has signed an agreement with Pfizer for the supply of 10 million doses of COVID-19 vaccine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 April 2021 - 19:08 Ukraine has signed an agreement with the American pharmaceutical corporation Pfizer for the supply of 10 million doses of the vaccine against COVID-19, which was agreed on in February by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Justin Trudeau discussed the aggravation of the situation in Donbas and support for Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration 6 April 2021 - 17:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau. The President of Ukraine thanked the interlocutor for Canada’s consistent support of Ukraine, which is especially valuable in the difficult times of the current aggravation of the security situation in Donbas. The Center for Countering Disinformation should become an international hub for collecting and analyzing information to ensure Ukraine's security and help our partners - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with foreign diplomats 6 April 2021 - 15:40 At a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7, Finland, Israel, as well as the heads of the EU and NATO missions in Ukraine, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak presented the work of the Center for Countering Disinformation and discussed opportunities for cooperation in information security. We must help the business that suffered during the lockdown as soon as possible - President at a conference call 6 April 2021 - 13:54 The supply of vaccines and the number of vaccinated people will increase this month. This was discussed at a conference call on preventing the spread of COVID-19 chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Secretary General of NATO 6 April 2021 - 12:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg discussed the aggravation of the security situation in Donbas. President of Ukraine discussed security situation in Donbas with the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 5 April 2021 - 21:27 The Head of State informed the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom about the aggravation of the situation in Donbas, the increase of the Russian military contingent near the Ukrainian-Russian border and Russia's attempts to disrupt the implementation of the Minsk agreements. 1 2 ... 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine