5 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 16 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101202423/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-10-2023&date-to=31-10-2024&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President Discussed the Victory Plan with Representatives of Ukraine's Civil Society 23 October 2024 - 22:09 According to the Head of State, civil society can help in uniting Ukrainians and the international community in support of Ukraine. Our victory requires exactly the kind of unity we had in the early days of the full-scale Russian invasion. Olena Zelenska: Ukraine and Portugal Share Common Values: Human Life and Historical Justice 23 October 2024 - 21:50 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska began her visit to Portugal by opening a Ukrainian bookshelf at the Municipal Library of Cascais. Olena Zelenska also attended the unveiling of a memorial plaque in Lisbon commemorating the victims of the Holodomor of 1932-1933 in Ukraine. Major Focus Is on Challenging Directions in the Donetsk Region, and the Needs of Our Warriors, Brigades for Timely Supplies from Partners – Address by the President 23 October 2024 - 20:06 We also have some important news from the United States – America has approved a decision to provide $20 billion. These are funds sourced from frozen Russian assets. Part of the G7 decision on $50 billion for Ukraine – for our defense, for our resilience. The UN Refugee Agency Increases Funding for the "Prykhystok" Program 23 October 2024 - 14:43 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Iryna Vereshchuk met with representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in Ukraine, Karolina Lindholm Billing. Ukraine and Greece Discussed the Start of Bilateral Security Agreement Implementation 22 October 2024 - 21:28 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Secretary General for International Economic Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Greece Dimitris Skalkos and Special Envoy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Greece to Ukraine Spyridon Lambridis. Preparations for Winter and Humanitarian Support: Presidential Office Hosted a Meeting with the New Head of the ECHO Office in Ukraine 22 October 2024 - 20:29 The Deputy Head of the Office of the President, Iryna Vereshchuk, met with the new Head of the European Commission's Directorate-General for European Civil Protection and Humanitarian Aid Operations in Ukraine (ECHO), Marianna Franco. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Children – Participants of the Iron Squad Project 22 October 2024 - 20:16 The meeting was attended by more than 200 children who will go on the next shift. For 12 days, the schoolchildren will travel through the cities of Western Ukraine. There Are Hundreds of Instances of Clearly Unjustified Disabilities Among Officials in Customs, Tax Service, Pension Fund System, and Local Administrations – Address by the President 22 October 2024 - 18:37 The MSEC system should be abolished. But for real and comprehensive change, we need to fully digitalize all stages of the disability assessment process. Personnel Decisions, Regulatory Changes and Thorough Inspection: Results of the NSDC Meeting on the Situation with the MSEC and Abuse of Disability by Officials 22 October 2024 - 16:53 The Head of State noted that there must be personal accountability for the situation. He instructed the Prime Minister of Ukraine to resolve the problem at the central executive level, particularly within the relevant ministries, and stressed that personnel decisions are needed. Volodymyr Zelenskyi Awarded Intelligence Officers of the State Border Guard Service with State Honors 22 October 2024 - 16:07 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyi met with military personnel of the State Border Guard Service intelligence and awarded them with state honors. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine