1 capture 08 Apr 2022 Mar APR May 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220408183829/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=08-04-2021&date-to=08-04-2022&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Being brave is our brand; we will spread our courage in the world - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 April 2022 - 23:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the presentation of state awards to servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and families of fallen Heroes of Ukraine 5 April 2022 - 20:06 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President: In “Diia” citizens can already apply for compensation for housing lost as a result of hostilities 30 March 2022 - 09:05 As of today, one can apply for compensation for the loss of housing due to the Russian invasion in the application of public services "Diia". This was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his address. Andriy Yermak met with a group of experts who will analyze the impact of sanctions against Russia 29 March 2022 - 23:38 Andriy Yermak believes that it is necessary to reach the pace of the weekly increase of sanctions pressure against Russia. According to him, Ukraine's partners are currently working on the introduction of a new sanctions package against Russia. Critical import chains will be targeted, including export controls and sanctions aimed at suppliers cooperating with the Russian military-industrial complex. The new multilateral treaty should make any aggression against Ukraine impossible - Andriy Yermak 29 March 2022 - 23:24 The new multilateral treaty should make any aggression against Ukraine impossible and become a key element of the new international security system. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak commenting on the face-to-face round of Ukrainian-Russian talks, which took place on March 29 in Istanbul. Signals from the negotiations can be called positive, but they do not silence the explosion of Russian shells - address by the President of Ukraine 29 March 2022 - 22:53 The scale of the challenges has not diminished. The Russian army still has significant potential to continue attacks against our state. They still have a lot of equipment and enough people completely deprived of rights whom they can send to the cauldron of war. Therefore, we stay alert and do not reduce our defense efforts. During the negotiations with Russia, the Ukrainian delegation officially outlined its proposals for a new system of security guarantees for our country 29 March 2022 - 17:20 During the talks with Russia in Turkey, the Ukrainian party officially outlined its proposals for a new system of security guarantees for Ukraine. This was announced by Head of the Ukrainian delegation, Head of the Servant of the People faction David Arakhamia. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Folketing 29 March 2022 - 15:45 Knowing your potential, your creative economic power, I offer your country to take patronage over one of our beautiful regions - after the war. Of course, after the war. Mykolaiv, the city of shipbuilders, can become such a city, such a region, which will unite you and us even more. Which Denmark can help rebuild. A group of experts will be established at the Office of the President of Ukraine to analyze the observance of sanctions against Russia - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 March 2022 - 09:33 “It is important for us that the sanctions packages are effective and substantial enough, given what is already being done against Ukraine by the Russian Federation," the President said. We have to fight, we can't burn emotions so as not to burn out - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2022 - 23:55 Irpin was liberated. Well done! I am grateful to everyone who worked for this result. The occupiers are pushed away from Irpin. Pushed away from Kyiv. However, it is too early to talk about security in this part of our region. The fighting continues. Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke with Ukrainian journalists creating the United News TV marathon 28 March 2022 - 01:03 "Now, during the war - terrible, tragic, but for Ukraine definitely victorious - you really are an army. A large, powerful army," the President said. The week is planned to be very busy, so no one will be able to hide the Ukrainian interest somewhere in political offices - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2022 - 00:38 Of course, this week we will work for new sanctions against the Russian Federation, against the aggression, sanctions that are needed as long as Russian troops remain on the territory of Ukraine. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 109 110 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine