1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070845/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=22 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President congratulated the staff of the prosecution on the 30th anniversary of its establishment 1 December 2021 - 16:02 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the celebrations on the occasion of the Day of Prosecutors of Ukraine and the 30th anniversary of the establishment of the prosecution, which took place in the Office of the Prosecutor General. President delivered the annual Address on the Internal and External Situation of Ukraine to the Parliament and presented state awards 1 December 2021 - 12:44 In accordance with Article 106 of the Constitution, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy delivered the annual Address on the Internal and External Situation of Ukraine to the Verkhovna Rada and presented state awards. President: We will not be able to stop the war and return the territories without our troops and without direct talks with Russia 1 December 2021 - 12:20 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that he is ready for direct talks with the leadership of the Russian Federation, which annexed Crimea and is waging war with our state in Donbas, to establish peace and return the temporarily occupied Ukrainian territories. Volodymyr Zelenskyy initiates the introduction of multiple citizenship for Ukrainians 1 December 2021 - 12:07 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is submitting to the Verkhovna Rada a bill on the introduction of multiple citizenship for Ukrainians abroad. The Head of State said this during his address to the Verkhovna Rada on the internal and external situation in Ukraine. President submits to the Parliament a bill on the economic passport of a Ukrainian 1 December 2021 - 11:30 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated that he was initiating a bill on the economic passport of a Ukrainian, according to which the fee for the use of subsoil would be accumulated on the personal accounts of children of Ukrainian citizens. Volodymyr Zelenskyy supports Ukraine's accession to the Istanbul Convention 30 November 2021 - 19:41 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy consistently supports the steps aimed at protecting the rights of victims of domestic violence, gender-based violence, as well as ensuring proper response to cases of such violence. In the presence of the President of Ukraine, the Ministry of Digital Transformation and Apple signed a Memorandum of Cooperation 30 November 2021 - 14:40 The memorandum provides for cooperation, exchange of information and support of the Ministry of Digital Transformation on a number of initiatives. In particular, the company will cooperate with the ministry in the framework of the All-Ukrainian 2023 Census. Ukraine will be the second country in the world after the United States to conduct such a census with Apple. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the board of directors and heads of companies - members of the American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine 30 November 2021 - 09:02 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the management of large international companies, which are one of the largest investors in the economy of our country, and Ukrainian companies that have been able to build business at the international level. Improvement of the epidemic situation in Ukraine and counteraction to the new strain of COVID-19 "Omicron" were discussed at a conference call with the President 29 November 2021 - 15:12 For the fourth week in a row, the dynamics of COVID-19 morbidity rates is improving in Ukraine. However, in a number of countries the spread of a new strain of coronavirus - "Omicron" has been recorded. This was discussed at a conference call chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President and the First Lady honored the memory of the victims of the Holodomor in Ukraine 27 November 2021 - 16:57 On Holodomor Remembrance Day, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in an event to honor the memory of the victims of the Holodomor in Ukraine, which took place at the National Museum of the Holodomor Genocide. 1 2 ... 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine