3 captures 20 Jul 2019 - 03 Apr 2023 Jan FEB Mar 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230206214435/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-zustrich-z-meksikanskim-investorom-pit-56565 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Good motivation plus good training equals the ability of our defense forces to regain what belongs to Ukraine - President's address 6 February 2023 - 21:37 View all videos n latest news Good motivation plus good training equals the ability of our defense forces to regain what belongs to Ukraine - President's address 6 February 2023 - 21:36 Ihor Zhovkva: Ukraine's accession to the EU is an integral part of our victory 6 February 2023 - 20:21 A meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief was held under the chairmanship of Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 February 2023 - 16:31 The NSDC decision on sanctions against Russia's nuclear industry has been put into effect, and this is not the last decision on this industry - address by the President of Ukraine 5 February 2023 - 21:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the EU-Ukraine Summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 17:26 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President met with Mexican investor Peter Foyo 19 July 2019 - 16:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that one of the priorities for him and his team is cooperation with investors who are ready to invest in Ukraine. "First and foremost, our priority is real investments in Ukraine. We are very open. We are ready to defend any net and real investment in Ukraine", the Head of State said during a meeting with Principal Standard Group's Chief Executive Officer Peter Foyo and his partner, vice-president and partner of UTG Company Ihor Melnyk. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted, despite his busy schedule, he is always ready to find time for projects useful for Ukraine and sit down at the negotiating table for a substantive conversation. "If we have the same desire and vision, if it is"white", "honest" business - we are ready", the President said. The Head of State stressed the importance of any investment project, regardless this investment of a million or a billion. "We are open to everything that creates a new business in Ukraine and jobs for our citizens," Volodymyr Zelensky noted. The President stressed that he is ready to support the establishment of cooperation if the company of Peter Foyo can contribute to the contracts of Ukrainian public or private enterprises, because these are taxes and jobs.The participants of the meeting discussed the possibilities of such cooperation. Chief Executive Officer of the Principal Standard Group thanked for the meeting and noted that it had been a great honor for him to be here today, as his wife is Ukrainian and his family lives in Mexico and Ukraine. "I like your country, I have known it for many years. I know Ukrainian villages and Ukrainian culture. Ukrainians are very close to me," Peter Foyo said. He also mentioned that his specialization is telephony and telecommunication services, which is relevant in the context of the development of mobile communication and preparation for the launch of 5G in Ukraine. Chief Executive Officer of the Principal Standard Group emphasized the importance of President's position on building of constructive cooperation on the principles of openness. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine