14 captures 06 Sep 2023 - 16 Sep 2025 Aug SEP Oct 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230906230704/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhen-proyav-konsolidaciyi-svitu-realno-dopomagaye-ryatuvat-85425 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every manifestation of the world's consolidation really helps save lives – address of President of Ukraine 6 September 2023 - 23:33 View all videos n latest news Every manifestation of the world's consolidation really helps save lives – address of President of Ukraine 6 September 2023 - 23:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Antony Blinken discuss further support for Ukraine 6 September 2023 - 23:27 Restrictions against Ukrainian exports now are scaling up of destruction caused by Russian terrorists – address of the President of Ukraine to participants of the Summit of the Three Seas Initiative 6 September 2023 - 21:07 Mette Frederiksen's name plaque unveiled on Walk of Brave in Kyiv 6 September 2023 - 20:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska in the third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 6 September 2023 - 19:30 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Every manifestation of the world's consolidation really helps save lives – address of President of Ukraine 6 September 2023 - 23:31 Dear Ukrainians! Today was a difficult day. As of now, over 30 people have been wounded in Kostiantynivka, Donetsk region, after the attack by Russian terrorists. 16 people have been killed. My condolences to all who lost their loved ones! All services were working at the scene, clearing the rubble and rescuing people. I am grateful to everyone in the world who condemned this latest manifestation of Russian evil and supports Ukraine, our people. And it is very important that the response to Russian terror was even greater consolidation of the world. Every manifestation of such consolidation really helps save lives. Today, in Ukraine, in Kyiv, there are several important international events. Visits of partners. Denmark – Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen. The United States – Secretary of State Blinken. The First Ladies and Gentlemen of the partner states who participated in this year's Summit – and this is the third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen – dedicated to the extremely important and sensitive topic of how we are going through this war, how our hearts and souls are experiencing the war. Therefore, how to overcome the pain of war. Mental health, the mental resilience of people, it is something that requires work just as much as any other manifestation of our resilience. Today, I also addressed the leaders of the Summit of the Three Seas Initiative, a large region that is one of the sources of European strength. The Baltic Sea, the Black Sea, and the Adriatic Sea – all the countries in our part of Europe. The Summit took place in Romania. I called on all our partners, our neighbors to continue to preserve unity in Europe. On this day, we have new defense agreements. New political and humanitarian agreements. We are also preparing new international communications to make this week more active from the perspective of our foreign policy work. So that our soldiers, all our people feel more strengthened. I thank everyone who helps and will help! Thank you to all whose strength is Ukrainian! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine