2 captures 13 Mar 2022 - 17 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 13 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220313193351/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=13-03-2021&date-to=13-03-2022&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We still need to fight and inflict maximum damage on the enemy in all areas of defense - address by the President of Ukraine 13 March 2022 - 01:05 View all videos pg Photo gallery President paid a visit to the wounded defenders of Ukraine undergoing treatment at a military hospital 13 March 2022 - 17:20 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We have already reached a strategic turning point and are moving towards our goal, our victory - President 11 March 2022 - 14:19 But Ukrainians are proud people who always defend their land and will not give the invader a single piece of land. Not a percent of their freedom. A number of humanitarian corridors are opening in Ukraine today, work is underway on new routes to deliver aid to the regions affected by the shelling - Iryna Vereshchuk 11 March 2022 - 11:21 Today at 9:00 a number of humanitarian corridors will be opened for the evacuation of residents from the settlements of Ukraine, who were particularly affected by the shelling by Russian troops. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Iryna Vereshchuk. The state is doing everything to help Mariupol - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 March 2022 - 00:09 We are doing everything to save our people in the cities that the enemy just wants to destroy. Taking into account the work of humanitarian corridors in the previous two days, we have already evacuated about one hundred thousand people. For every Ukrainian city affected by the Russian invasion, a reconstruction program will be created - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2022 - 14:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy commissioned the government to elaborate a special state program for the reconstruction of every Ukrainian city affected by the Russian invasion. Thanks to our defenders, Ukrainians have not become slaves and will never become - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2022 - 14:08 After the war, after our victory, we will rebuild everything that was destroyed. Very quickly and with a very high quality. A special state program for reconstruction will be created for each affected city. I have already instructed the government to start the elaboration. Humanitarian corridors for evacuation of people were opened in the Sumy, Kharkiv, Donetsk and Kyiv regions - Iryna Vereshchuk 10 March 2022 - 10:58 Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Iryna Vereshchuk said that on March 10, at 9:00 a number of evacuation routes were opened again. Europeans must tighten sanctions against Russia so that it has no chance to continue the genocide in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 March 2022 - 23:56 Europeans! Ukrainians! Mariupol residents! Today, we must be united in condemning this war crime of Russia, which reflects all the evil that the invaders brought to our land. Andriy Yermak: We are collecting all the facts about Russia's crimes and human rights violations in Ukraine, which will then be used in international courts 9 March 2022 - 23:17 A web platform https://humanrights.gov.ua/ has been created to effectively collect and process information on human rights violations by the Russian Federation during the war with Ukraine, Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak told. Ukrainians withstood and inspired the whole world with their determination - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 March 2022 - 12:34 There is no such place on earth where they are not aware of the heroism with which the Ukrainian people defend our beautiful land. Ukraine calls on Russia to observe ceasefire commitments where humanitarian corridors will work on March 9 - Iryna Vereshchuk 9 March 2022 - 11:50 "So, today from 9 o'clock in the morning the ceasefire regime is introduced on the following routes: Enerhodar - Zaporizhzhia, from Sumy in the direction of Poltava, from Mariupol in the direction of Zaporizhzhia, from Volnovakha of the Donetsk region in the direction of Pokrovsk of the Donetsk region, from Izyum of the Kharkiv region in the direction of Lozova of the Kharkiv region, as well as from the cities of Vorzel, Bucha, Borodyanka, Irpin, Hostomel of the Kyiv region to Kyiv via Stoyanka, Bilohorodka," Iryna Vereshchuk said. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 102 103 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine