1 capture 15 Aug 2022 Jul AUG Sep 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220815013716/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/deokupaciya-krimu-ta-inshih-timchasovo-okupovanih-teritorij-76981 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The stronger Ukraine will be, the weaker Russia will be and the less this war will last - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 August 2022 - 22:13 View all videos n latest news The stronger Ukraine will be, the weaker Russia will be and the less this war will last - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 August 2022 - 22:11 We will do everything so that new sanctions against Russia block its nuclear industry – address of President of Ukraine 13 August 2022 - 21:56 Visa restrictions for Russian citizens fair, all defenders of European values should insist on them – address of President of Ukraine 12 August 2022 - 23:19 Head of state discusses bringing closer victory, development of Ukraine with active youth 12 August 2022 - 19:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of Youth Day 12 August 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office De-occupation of Crimea and other temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine should be on the agenda of all civilized countries of the world - Ihor Zhovkva 10 August 2022 - 20:01 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held an online meeting with National Security and Foreign Relations Adviser to the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Belgium Peter Moors. Ihor Zhovkva thanked Belgium and Prime Minister Alexander De Croo personally for a significant military, financial and humanitarian aid that Ukraine has been receiving since the first days of the full-scale invasion of Russia, as well as for providing shelter to thousands of Ukrainians who were forced to leave their home. "Belgium not only supports the introduction of the toughest sanctions against Russia - it is one of the key driving forces of this process on the European continent," the Deputy Head of the President's Office emphasized. The willingness of the Kingdom of Belgium to accept dozens of wounded Ukrainian soldiers for treatment deserves special respect. The parties separately touched upon the participation of Belgium in the second summit of the international Crimea Platform. "The de-occupation of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and all temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine should be on the agenda of all civilized countries of the world," noted Ihor Zhovkva. On behalf of the President, he renewed the invitation to Prime Minister of Belgium Alexander De Croo to visit Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine