11 captures 15 Jul 2022 - 08 Sep 2025 Jun JUL Aug 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220715041353/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/potencial-ukrayini-potriben-trimoryu-zvernennya-prezidenta-v-75917 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos This day once again proved that Russia must be recognized as a terrorist state - address by the President of Ukraine 14 July 2022 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news This day once again proved that Russia must be recognized as a terrorist state - address by the President of Ukraine 14 July 2022 - 22:50 Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President at which the plan for the recovery of Ukraine was presented 14 July 2022 - 21:02 We are fighting for every child so that there is no "lost generation" in Ukraine - Olena Zelenska in an interview with Korean media 14 July 2022 - 20:57 All Russian criminals must face a mandatory and principled punishment - President's speech at the International Conference in The Hague on holding Russia accountable for crimes in Ukraine 14 July 2022 - 17:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with Ukrainian defenders and relatives of servicemen awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 14 July 2022 - 15:48 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The Three Seas Initiative needs the potential of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Three Seas Initiative Summit 20 June 2022 - 16:16 Thank you so much, Mr. President! Thank you for all the kind words in support of Ukraine! For what has just been said, for what you and our friends have done for the strength of our state! Dear colleagues, friends! Ladies and Gentlemen! I am also grateful for the invitation, Mr. President Levits! I am grateful to you and I have the honor to address all present today. I will begin my address immediately with the key thing, given our precious time. I'll start with what we offer. First, Ukraine must be a participant in the Three Seas Initiative. It is wrong that our state remained outside the Initiative. We need to find a format in which we can implement the accession. Just one look at the geographical map of our region is enough to understand that it is only with Ukraine that all our countries can realize their full potential. Economic, infrastructural, potential of social ties between our countries, between our people and the historical basis of life in our region. Based on this, my second suggestion is to strengthen the interpretation of cooperation in the framework of the Three Seas Initiative. Every sphere we can work on together in this Initiative is really about security. And first of all it is logistics. Please look at the Ukrainian situation now: it is the states of the Three Seas that are our connection to the free world. The supply of weapons to Ukraine, the supply of fuel, the preservation of vital transport flows, green corridors for the export of Ukrainian food, the migration of people - all this works through the territory of the member states of this Initiative. In the same way, the Three Seas Initiative is destined to become an effective rear for any country in our region, if it is also - God forbid, of course - threatened by Russia. When the enemy comes, everything matters: roads, railways, ports, the energy system, speed at the borders, even the habit of working together. That is why it is our duty to deepen all connections in this space. It is these connections that are our security, after all. The third proposal is energy. Ukraine has one of the most powerful gas storage facilities in the region and an extensive gas supply network. Therefore, by cooperating with our neighbors, using the capacities of the Poland-Slovakia, Poland-Ukraine interconnectors, as well as the LNG terminals available in the region, we can meet the needs of all the countries of the Three Seas Initiative. Already after the start of a full-scale Russian invasion, we joined the European Union's energy system. And now our electricity exports can be a contribution to the energy balance of your countries, which will help you become completely independent of Russian energy pressure. The fourth suggestion is that we must do everything we can to make the Trans-European Corridor Via Carpathia work one hundred percent, connecting northern and southern Europe. Ukraine can play the role of one of the logistics centers. And we are ready to join Via Carpathia right now. We are ready to integrate into the European railway network, in particular through the Warsaw-Kyiv railway line and access to the Rail Baltica railway corridor. We must continue to work on expanding checkpoints on the borders of our state. Fifth proposal - Ukraine can support many infrastructure projects in the field of digitization and strengthen our regional digital ties. Keep in mind that the Ukrainian experience in combating cyber threats is truly unique and can be very useful for each of your countries. And the sixth proposal - participation in the project of reconstruction of Ukraine. This will be the largest economic project of our generation. Politicians often say that economic prosperity is the foundation of national security. And it really is. But not as often as they say, politicians manage to implement this principle. That is to make the economy so powerful that the state itself becomes powerful enough. Now we have such a historic chance. But only if we work together will we be able to use it. The Three Seas Initiative needs the potential of Ukraine. We are ready. We are willing. For the first time, Ukraine has been invited to participate in the Three Seas Initiative Summit today. I am grateful. However, you know - while this war is going on, I can't leave the state. So I can't be with you right now. But I am sure that you can now involve us in specific infrastructure projects, and will find a status that will allow us to participate in the activities of your Initiative. I believe it is possible! Thank you! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine