9 captures 08 Dec 2022 - 16 Jul 2025 Nov DEC Jan 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Media Cloud A longitudinal web archival collection based on URIs from the daily feed of Media Cloud that maps news media coverage of current events. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221208001233/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-ta-premyer-ministr-chornogoriyi-pidpisali-spi-79649 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia will be held to account for all stolen assets of the Ukrainian state and companies - address by the President of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 22:55 View all videos n latest news Russia will be held to account for all stolen assets of the Ukrainian state and companies - address by the President of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 22:48 The fate of millions of people who can be saved is being decided on the battlefield in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Foundation 7 December 2022 - 20:50 Roman Mashovets held a meeting with representatives of the embassies of France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the Netherlands 7 December 2022 - 17:48 President held the regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 7 December 2022 - 14:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 00:15 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Montenegro signed the Joint Declaration on the Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine 5 December 2022 - 20:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks in the video format with Prime Minister of Montenegro Dritan Abazović. The Ukrainian President told the interlocutor about today's Russian air attacks on the territory of Ukraine, which proved once again that the Russian military-political leadership has no intention of stopping its aggressive actions. "I am sure that societies all over the world will understand that it is impossible to balance good and evil, that evil must be put in its place. I am sure that we will certainly do it with the whole world. We’ll make sure that Russia respects international law and the sovereignty of any state," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President called on the Parliament of Montenegro to join the parliaments of other countries in recognizing Russia as a state - sponsor of terrorism. The Head of State expressed gratitude to Montenegro for the strong political support and significant practical assistance provided to our country. He highly appreciated the consistent accession of Montenegro to all sanctions packages adopted by the European Union against the Russian Federation. For his part, Dritan Abazović assured that Ukraine can count on full support from Montenegro. "You are defending not only your own territorial integrity and sovereignty - you are defending universal values: the right of people to choose their future, the future of their country. We are ready to fully work on sanctions, we provide assistance to refugees, as well as financial and military assistance," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy separately thanked Montenegro for the military and technical assistance provided to Ukraine, which is of exceptional importance for strengthening the defense capabilities of our country. The interlocutors discussed in detail the issue of European integration of Ukraine and Montenegro as candidate countries for accession. The President and the Prime Minister emphasized the need for practical cooperation in the context of Ukraine's preparation for the next stage - the start of pre-accession negotiations. Special attention was paid to Ukraine's implementation of the Euro-Atlantic integration strategy. The Head of State emphasized that Ukraine continues the consistent implementation of the strategic course for Euro-Atlantic integration and counts on using the important experience of Montenegro, which has already completed its path to membership in the Alliance. For his part, Dritan Abazović noted that Montenegro supports the Alliance's open door policy and, accordingly, the prospect of Ukraine gaining full membership in NATO. Following the negotiations, the leaders signed the Joint Declaration, which defines the priority areas of cooperation between Ukraine and Montenegro within the strategic course of our country to acquire full membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. At the end of the negotiations, Dritan Abazović invited President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to visit Podgorica after Ukraine's victory. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine