1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309052716/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=30 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – On a submission from Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Verkhovna Rada appointed Oleksiy Reznikov Minister of Defense of Ukraine 4 November 2021 - 11:42 Presenting Oleksiy Reznikov's candidacy for the post of Defense Minister in the session hall of the parliament, Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed confidence that the new minister, like his predecessor, would work to strengthen Ukraine's defense capabilities. The government should present a program to support SMEs that comply with quarantine norms - meeting with the President 3 November 2021 - 14:50 The President of Ukraine proposed to the Cabinet of Ministers to present a program to support small and medium-sized businesses that comply with the sanitary and epidemiological norms introduced due to the COVID-19 pandemic, in particular in the regions with a "red" level of epidemic danger. Presidents of Ukraine and Slovakia signed a joint Declaration on the European Perspective of Ukraine 2 November 2021 - 15:19 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Slovak Republic Zuzana Čaputová on the sidelines of the COP26 UN Climate Change Conference in Glasgow. President met with the Prime Minister of the Republic of India 2 November 2021 - 14:56 On the sidelines of the COP26 UN Climate Change Conference in Glasgow, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the Republic of India Narendra Modi. Volodymyr Zelenskyy finished the opening day of COP26 in Glasgow communicating with the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and senior officials of a number of countries 1 November 2021 - 23:47 The heads of state and government spoke about important aspects of bilateral cooperation between the countries, as well as global and regional challenges related to climate change, the COVID-19 pandemic, the energy crisis and the security situation in Europe, including eastern Ukraine, and the world. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with Justin Trudeau 1 November 2021 - 22:56 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Justin Trudeau for supporting Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations and expressed hope for Canada's leadership role in backing Ukraine's NATO membership acquisition. President met with the Prime Minister of Greece 1 November 2021 - 22:02 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Greece Kyriakos Mitsotakis on the sidelines of the COP 26 UN Climate Change Conference in Glasgow. President at COP26: Global thinking and world policy priorities need to change - not only financial, but also environmental growth 1 November 2021 - 19:26 Stopping the process of global warming is possible only by changing global thinking and priorities of world politics, when a territory is considered not only as a market, but also as a home for thousands of flora and fauna representatives. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the COP 26 UN Climate Change Conference in Glasgow (UK). Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke with a number of foreign leaders on the sidelines of the COP 26 UN Climate Change Conference 1 November 2021 - 18:33 In particular, during the conversation on the sidelines of the conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, the parties discussed the current security situation in Donbas and the course of negotiations to establish peace, the energy crisis in Europe and ways to overcome it, as well as topical relations between the two countries. President took part in the opening ceremony of the COP 26 UN Climate Change Conference in Glasgow 1 November 2021 - 16:48 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the official opening ceremony of the COP 26 UN Climate Change Conference in Glasgow, Great Britain. 1 2 ... 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine