3 captures 20 Mar 2020 - 06 Nov 2025 Feb MAR Apr 30 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220330084728/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/do-kiyeva-pribuv-bort-z-ukrayincyami-evakujovanimi-z-italiyi-60177 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Signals from the negotiations can be called positive, but they do not silence the explosion of Russian shells - address by the President of Ukraine 29 March 2022 - 22:57 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak met with a group of experts who will analyze the impact of sanctions against Russia 29 March 2022 - 23:38 The new multilateral treaty should make any aggression against Ukraine impossible - Andriy Yermak 29 March 2022 - 23:24 Signals from the negotiations can be called positive, but they do not silence the explosion of Russian shells - address by the President of Ukraine 29 March 2022 - 22:53 During the negotiations with Russia, the Ukrainian delegation officially outlined its proposals for a new system of security guarantees for our country 29 March 2022 - 17:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Aircraft with Ukrainians evacuated from Italy arrived in Kyiv 16 March 2020 - 08:13 A plane carrying 123 Ukrainians on board, who had previously been unable to return to Ukraine from Italy due to the closure of borders because of quarantine arrived at the Boryspil International Airport. Pursuant to the instruction of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Ukrainian citizens were transported to the homeland by the aircraft of SkyUp Airlines from Italian Venice (Marco Polo Airport). At 22:23, on March 15, a special flight returned passengers to Kyiv who had previously been stuck at the Italian-Slovenian border, as well as those who had expressed willingness to leave Italy. All evacuees are Ukrainian citizens, except two persons who are authorized to reside in Ukraine and, according to the decree of the Cabinet of Ministers, can enter our country. Before boarding the plane in Italy, all passengers underwent a medical examination for symptoms of possible disease. According to the Italian side, only healthy people with no symptoms of the disease were allowed on board. After arriving in Kyiv, passengers will also be examined by doctors. Doctors of the Ukrainian Disaster Medicine Center, who had rapid tests to diagnose coronavirus and contactless thermometers, were also on board. During the flight, the doctors carried out medical supervision. The crew was provided with protective masks and disinfectants. All evacuees signed an agreement to undergo voluntary self-isolation at home within 14 days after returning to Ukraine. Liability for disobeying home quarantine is envisaged. People without symptoms of acute viral diseases and with a negative test result on COVID-19 will undergo self-isolation. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine