3 captures 14 Dec 2024 - 23 Jun 2025 Nov DEC Jan 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241214163212/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=30-11-2023&date-to=30-11-2024&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, We Already Have Preliminary Data That the Russians Have Begun to Use North Korean Soldiers in Their Assaults – Address by the President 14 December 2024 - 16:39 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The Fewer Excess Profits Russia Earns from Oil, the Fewer Resources It Will Have to Wage War – Address by the President 25 November 2024 - 19:11 Today, I held several meetings on international activities for the rest of the year. This includes communication with partners, our meetings, and our narratives. Things that must strengthen Ukraine. Europe, America, the Global South, other parts of the world. UNICEF Expands Support for Vulnerable Categories of Ukrainians 25 November 2024 - 17:03 The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) is increasing its support for vulnerable categories of Ukrainians. Representatives of the fund announced this during a meeting with Iryna Vereshchuk, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine. Russia Must Feel That Every Step It Takes to Expand the War Has Consequences for It – Address by the President 24 November 2024 - 20:08 Putin cannot be given a single week to adapt or find countermeasures. We must consistently do everything to force Russia into seeking peace – true peace. The President: Without a Clear Stance from Major Countries, Agreements with Putin Will Amount to Mere Stalling Tactics 23 November 2024 - 20:23 The G20 Summit in Brazil was held with limited support for Ukraine. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his meeting with journalists at the Third International Grain from Ukraine Summit. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Supports Transition to a Corps Management System in the Armed Forces of Ukraine If It Reduces Bureaucracy 23 November 2024 - 19:09 “It is up to the military to decide. If the corps system they are proposing today will reduce the gap between a general and a soldier, if this bureaucracy will be reduced, let them do their best to reduce it,” the Head of State noted. Ukraine Is Ready to Share Technologies, Military Experiences and Processing Methods with African Countries – the President 23 November 2024 - 18:49 This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his meeting with journalists from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania, Senegal, Cameroon, Nigeria, Ghana, South Africa, Guinea, Chad, Kenya and Brazil on the sidelines of the Third International Summit on Food Security Grain from Ukraine. Defense Cooperation and Humanitarian Initiatives: the President met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic 23 November 2024 - 18:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic Jan Lipavský, who took part in the Third International Summit on Food Security, Grain from Ukraine, in Kyiv. In Paris, Andriy Yermak Met with the Minister for Europe and Foreign Affairs and the Adviser to the President of France 23 November 2024 - 17:06 The Head of the Office of the President, Andriy Yermak, met in Paris with the Minister for Europe and Foreign Affairs of France, Jean-Noël Barrot, and the Diplomatic Adviser to the President of France, Emmanuel Bonne. During the Operation of Our Grain From Ukraine Program, We Have Managed to Save 20 Million People from Hunger – Speech by the President at the Third International Grain From Ukraine Conference 23 November 2024 - 15:38 Ukraine is one of the world's largest contributors to food security. And we maintain this status despite everything. Despite this colonial challenge from the Russian Federation. This war is a war against the lives of Ukrainians, against our people, our families. The President and the First Lady Honored the Memory of Holodomor Victims in Ukraine 23 November 2024 - 13:56 In the morning, a prayer service was held at the Holy Dormition Cathedral of the Kyiv-Pechersk Lavra to commemorate the Holodomor victims in Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska laid sheaf compositions at the Bitter Memory of Childhood monument and paid tribute to the Holodomor victims. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine