3 captures 11 Sep 2024 - 12 Jul 2025 Aug SEP Oct 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240911233810/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=05-09-2023&date-to=05-09-2024&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We See What Steps Are Planned in Moscow, and We Will Act Accordingly – Address by the President 10 September 2024 - 20:04 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Events of the Fourth Summit of the International Crimea Platform 11 September 2024 - 12:37 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Russian Strikes Will Be Impossible If It Is Possible for Us to Destroy the Occupier's Launchers Where They Are – Address by the President 3 September 2024 - 21:26 Providing Ukraine with such permissions and such weapons is definitely the biggest step towards a real, just end to this war. Russia simply does not know how to wage war without terror – it is terrorist strikes and the ability to sow destruction that replace both tactics and strategy of war for Russian leaders. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with IAEA Director General Rafael Grossi 3 September 2024 - 20:01 The President also briefed his interlocutor on the consequences of the massive Russian attacks on Ukraine's energy infrastructure with ballistic and cruise missiles, along with kamikaze drones, which led to the temporary disconnection of NPP units from the grid and a reduction in their capacity. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Urged Justin Trudeau to Intensify Advocacy Among Partners on Long-Range Capabilities 3 September 2024 - 18:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a telephone conversation with Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau. I Received Preliminary Reports on Russian Strike on Poltava: 41 Deaths Reported As of Now – Address by the President 3 September 2024 - 14:23 According to the information available now, two ballistic missiles hit the territory of an educational institution and a neighboring hospital. One of the buildings of the communications institute was partially destroyed. People were trapped under the rubble. Ukraine and the United Nations Have Extended the Joint Preventive Plan Aimed at Ending and Preventing Grave Violations Against Children in Ukraine Amid War 3 September 2024 - 09:25 Advisor – Presidential Commissioner for Children's Rights and Child Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk, UN Humanitarian Coordinator in Ukraine Matthias Schmale and UNICEF Representative to Ukraine Munir Mammadzade signed an agreement to continue the cooperation between the Ukrainian government and the UN's National Task Force under the Joint Preventive Plan "Children and Armed Conflicts." Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Dick Schoof Meet with Veterans of the Russian-Ukrainian War in Zaporizhzhia 2 September 2024 - 20:22 In Zaporizhzhia, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Dutch Prime Minister Dick Schoof met with veterans of the Russian-Ukrainian war, including warriors from the Armed Forces, Territorial Defense, and the National Guard. They have fought on various fronts and defended Ukraine both since 2014 and 2022. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Reviewed Restoration of a Destroyed Apartment Building in Zaporizhzhia 2 September 2024 - 18:46 During a working visit to the Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy reviewed the restoration of an apartment building that was destroyed in October 2022. New Aid Package, Strengthening Air Defense, and Patronage Over Zaporizhzhia: President Held Talks with Dutch Prime Minister 2 September 2024 - 17:34 The President thanked the Dutch Prime Minister for visiting Zaporizhzhia, which is located just a few dozen kilometers from the frontlines. He proposed that the Netherlands take patronage over thee Zaporizhzhia region, particularly in areas such as energy needs, school protection, and shelter construction. Together with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands in Zaporizhzhia; an Important Visit and a Very Symbolic One – on the Very Day the School Year Begins – Address by the President 2 September 2024 - 17:07 More than two million children will be able to study in the basic school format. Another million children will study in a mixed format: both offline and online. All of this depends on safety factors. Today, during our negotiations with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands, we talked about exactly that – about strengthening air defense, about new air defense systems, and about missiles for them. About F-16s for Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Over 2 Million Students Started the School Year in Offline Format 2 September 2024 - 16:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced this during the regional educational forum "Creating the Future Together" in Zaporizhzhia. Today, over 10,000 schools are operating offline. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine