17 captures 15 Aug 2023 - 12 Oct 2025 Jul AUG Sep 15 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230815022702/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/hto-ne-byetsya-na-peredovij-toj-maye-dopomagati-bitisya-zver-84877 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Those who are not fighting on the frontline must help fight - address by the President of Ukraine 14 August 2023 - 20:31 View all videos n latest news Those who are not fighting on the frontline must help fight - address by the President of Ukraine 14 August 2023 - 20:31 In Donetsk region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the main command post of the Soledar operational and tactical group and awarded the defenders of Ukraine 14 August 2023 - 19:09 The Head of State visited the stabilization point where the defenders wounded in the Bakhmut sector are undergoing treatment 14 August 2023 - 18:29 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades engaged in offensive actions within the Soledar operational and tactical group 14 August 2023 - 17:40 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Donetsk region 14 August 2023 - 17:29 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Those who are not fighting on the frontline must help fight - address by the President of Ukraine 14 August 2023 - 20:31 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Since early morning today, I have been in Donetsk region, in the positions of our combat brigades. The 3rd and 5th separate assault brigades, the "Eightieth" airborne assault brigade, the 57th separate motorized infantry brigade, the 22nd and 24th separate mechanized brigades, the 26th separate artillery brigade, the 92nd separate mechanized brigade... I had the honor to award the best, to thank everyone - each brigade - for their bravery, courage, and results for the sake of Ukraine. Together with General Bohomolov, commander of the Soledar operational and tactical group, we talked to the brigade and battalion commanders - those who are in combat - about their frontline needs. There is always an overall picture, there are reports on each direction, on each brigade. But it is important to talk directly to the warriors about the war experience of those who are on the ground. Today we had detailed, frank conversations. We talked about our offensive, about supplies to the troops, about the capabilities of commanders, about what these capabilities are now and what they should be. Weapons and scarce ammunition. Repair of equipment. A pressing issue is transportation to evacuate the wounded and the time of evacuation. Drones used by the enemy: Lancets, Orlans. Drones needed by our warriors: from Mavics to every other drone system. Obviously, the Ukrainian production of drones - Leleka, Fury, etc. - as well as supplies from partners and all forms of imports - must grow, and this is one of the most important tasks. It is very important that all officials in the defense system perceive this task exactly as it is said on the frontline. Drones are consumables, and there should be as many of them as needed - as our warriors need - to save lives and ensure results in battles. There is much to be done in this area, and it is too early to say that we are doing enough. An important topic is how commanders can manage their personnel. Motivation of warriors, training of warriors, manning of units. There are a lot of problems due to the poor performance of the military medical commissions... Military commanders should be engaged in war, not bureaucracy. We will develop solutions. Another thing that was voiced today in different brigades. Warriors from the frontline who come to the rear cities deserve to see and feel that these are rear cities. That people live there, remembering that there are warriors there, that our warriors here in Donetsk and other directions are fighting for Ukraine, giving their lives for Ukraine. Freedom and independence are not gained by someone there... at the front. This is a common national cause of all those who are fighting and working for victory. Everyone is at war. Ukraine is at war. And those who are not fighting on the frontline must help fight. Not in bars, not in clubs, not by street racing or some kind of ostentatious consumption, but by helping the warriors in a very specific way. To say the least of it. All the country's adrenaline, all the country's emotions, all the country's strength should be there - in the battles for the sake of the state. For the sake of Ukraine is the key principle. For the sake of something else or for the sake of ourselves will be later, when we win. And now it is defense. Now it is war. By the way, I am grateful to the United States today for the new package. We got munitions for Patriots, for HIMARS, artillery, Javelins etc. These are much-needed supplies. We will soon be doing more work with our partners for the sake of defense. Thank you to everyone - everyone who is constantly helping! Glory to all our warriors! Glory to our strong people! And thank you to our Donetsk region for this day. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine