2 captures 10 Feb 2024 - 18 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240210223945/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-naradu-shodo-energobezpeki-dnipropetro-88765 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We value American leadership, its contribution to defense of Ukrainian independence and democracy – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 February 2024 - 20:55 View all videos n latest news Combat commanders, brigades' real-life experience must be implemented for the Armed Forces' success – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 February 2024 - 19:14 Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed Ukraine's defense needs, preparation of bilateral document on security commitments with Emmanuel Macron 10 February 2024 - 16:31 Environmental Compact for Ukraine is not only about holding Russia accountable for environmental damage, but also about the future for the next generations – Andriy Yermak 10 February 2024 - 10:26 We value American leadership, its contribution to defense of Ukrainian independence and democracy – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 February 2024 - 20:55 Go to all news pg Photo gallery A meeting of the President of Ukraine with the military leadership 10 February 2024 - 19:49 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President held a meeting on energy security of Dnipropetrovsk region and familiarized himself with the construction of the water supply project for Kryvyi Rih 4 February 2024 - 19:24 During a working trip to Dnipropetrovsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the protection of energy infrastructure and ensuring sustainable electricity supply in the region. The Head of State was briefed on the current situation in the region, especially in Nikopol and Kryvyi Rih areas, given the intensification of massive enemy shelling of energy facilities, and on the measures taken to protect them. The parties discussed the current situation with electricity supply in the region, which has now been restored to all consumers. Particular attention was paid to passive protection systems for power facilities, including intensification of relevant work, and critical infrastructure facilities using air defense. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also familiarized himself with the construction of a pilot project to supply water to Kryvyi Rih and neighboring communities. In particular, he inspected the construction of the largest pumping station of the new Inhulets-Kryvyi Rih water main, which is 145 km long. Once launched, it will provide water to 1.5 million residents of the region who were left without access to water after the Russians blew up the Kakhovka HPP dam. Residents of Marhanets, Nikopol, Tomakivka, Pokrov, Maryanskе and other nearby towns will have a stable water supply. In August 2023, the first line of the water supply system was launched. In January of this year, the diversion branch through the Dnipro-Kryvyi Rih canal became operational. As reported to the President, despite the shelling and unfavorable weather conditions, the work was 95% complete. Construction is underway around the clock. The equipment for pumping stations, which are one of the most important elements of the water main, is being installed. ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zaporizhzhia, Dnipropetrovsk, Kirovohrad and Cherkasy regions 4 February 2024 - 14:03 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zaporizhzhia, Dnipropetrovsk, Kirovohrad and Cherkasy regions 4 February 2024 - 14:03 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine