5 captures 28 Mar 2023 - 13 Jul 2025 Feb MAR Apr 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230328225739/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-sumshini-volodimir-zelenskij-uzyav-uchast-u-zahodah-z-nag-81881 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I am grateful to everyone who reminds that Russian aggression can end much faster if the world is faster - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2023 - 22:17 View all videos n latest news I am grateful to everyone who reminds that Russian aggression can end much faster if the world is faster - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2023 - 22:12 Ihor Zhovkva: Start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU is an investment in the secure future of Europe 28 March 2023 - 20:12 President held a coordination meeting regarding the security situation, reinforcement and protection of the state border in the Sumy region 28 March 2023 - 16:44 In the Sumy region, the President checked the readiness of border units to take action to protect the state border 28 March 2023 - 16:18 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Sumy region 28 March 2023 - 14:24 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In the Sumy region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the occasion of the anniversary of the liberation of Trostyanets from the Russian invaders 28 March 2023 - 15:13 While in the Sumy region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the occasion of the anniversary of the liberation of the city of Trostyanets from the Russian invaders. The Head of State noted that these days Ukraine is celebrating the anniversary of liberation of the cities and communities of the northern regions from the Russian invaders: Sumy region, Chernihiv region and Kyiv region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that these dates are not only about the events that have become pages of the heroic history of communities, but above all about the character of Ukrainians who will win this war. "Ukrainian character is the character of people who do not accept aggression, who do not give up what’s theirs. This is the character of freedom, which is felt from birth and is not forgotten until the last breath, until the end of life. This is the character of courage that allows you to kill even the enemy that the whole world was afraid of. The Ukrainian character was fully manifested when Russia started a total war against all of us, against the state of Ukraine, against our people, against our freedom," the President said. According to him, Ukrainians fought and are fighting as part of the defense and security forces for freedom, for the liberation of such cities as Trostyanets, cities of Sumy region, Kyiv region, and Chernihiv region. "Our people proved that the occupier will be defeated by us, by our morale, by our Ukrainian character. This was proved by our people, our warriors, by those who helped our Armed Forces, our army to direct fire, helped our intelligence to protect our state," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Those present honored the memory of those who died defending the freedom of Ukraine with a moment of silence. The names of the officially established military and civilians who died during the liberation of Trostyanets were announced. The President also presented state awards to the defenders of the city. The servicemen of the Ukrainian Armed Forces received the Orders "For Courage" of the III degree and the medals "To the Defender of the Homeland". The orders and medals were also awarded to employees of the Security Service, the National Guard, the National Police, the State Border Guard Service, and the State Emergency Service of Ukraine. In addition, the Head of State presented awards to four civilians. In particular, three citizens received the Orders "For Courage" of the III degree, two of them were awarded posthumously. One person was awarded the honorary title of "Honored Transport Worker of Ukraine". Volodymyr Zelenskyy also got himself acquainted with the reconstruction projects of the Trostyanets railway station and the station square. v Videos ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Sumy region 28 March 2023 - 14:24 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Sumy region 28 March 2023 - 14:24 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine