6 captures 08 Nov 2022 - 15 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Media Cloud A longitudinal web archival collection based on URIs from the daily feed of Media Cloud that maps news media coverage of current events. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221108201544/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-z-predstavnikom-jpmorgan-chase-amp-c-78889 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There can be no effective climate policy without peace on earth - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the 27th UN Conference on Climate Change in Sharm el-Sheikh 8 November 2022 - 19:47 View all videos n latest news We count on Iceland's support for the earliest possible accession of Ukraine to the North Atlantic Alliance - Ihor Zhovkva 8 November 2022 - 20:39 There can be no effective climate policy without peace on earth - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the 27th UN Conference on Climate Change in Sharm el-Sheikh 8 November 2022 - 19:44 A deal with the current President of the Russian Federation is a ticket to a world where international law is no longer valid - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with La Repubblica 8 November 2022 - 19:41 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Sean Penn discussed support for Ukraine and visited the Walk of the Brave in Kyiv 8 November 2022 - 18:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Railway Worker 4 November 2022 - 15:20 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discusses opportunities for cooperation with Ukraine with representative of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2 November 2022 - 19:38 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference with Managing Director, Head of Global Engagement at the largest U.S. bank holding by assets – JPMorgan Chase & Co. Clay Berry. The parties discussed issues of cooperation and support for Ukraine. "We really want Ukraine to be interesting to you not only in the context of this war, but also during reconstruction. After all, Ukrainians are not only a courageous people who will definitely win this war, but also people with great potential," Yermak said. He thanked representatives of JPMorgan Chase & Co. for the real help they provide to Ukraine. Yermak said: Ukraine is open to cooperation, and a strong group of experts, which will help in the recovery of the country, is already being created today. "Ukraine needs a unique formula for reconstruction, a unique formula for life after this war, therefore, of course, we are interested in having the best experts in the world today join this," the head of the Office of the President said. Clay Berry, for her part, said that JPMorgan Chase's support for Ukraine is based on understanding the current situation, as the company has been cooperating with the Ukrainian government in various directions for the past 10 years. She expressed hope for scaling up cooperation, because she sees many opportunities for the Ukrainian state in the future, in particular during reconstruction. Deputy head of the Office of the President Rostyslav Shurma, who also took part in the video call, informed the video call participants in which directions Ukraine seeks to attract investors. He named green energy, infrastructure, agribusiness, conventional production and the IT sector as promising areas of the economy. In his opinion, these areas can be of interest to private capital, investment banks and strategic corporations. Shurma said that currently dialogue is being held with representatives of global investment companies regarding potential cooperation and proposed that JP Morgan joins this partnership. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine