9 captures 31 Dec 2024 - 14 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 31 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241231003637/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-sprostili-otrimannya-oficerskih-zvan-soldatami-ta-serzhan-95293 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Simplified the Process of Receiving Officer Ranks for Soldiers and Sergeants with Combat Experience; This Is a Proper Social Advancement within the Army – Address by the President 30 December 2024 - 21:57 View all videos n latest news We Simplified the Process of Receiving Officer Ranks for Soldiers and Sergeants with Combat Experience; This Is a Proper Social Advancement within the Army – Address by the President 30 December 2024 - 21:55 Free Christmas Play “Speaking Are Those Who Have Listened to Eternity” by the Olena Zelenska Foundation Attracted Over 4,000 Visitors in 10 Days 30 December 2024 - 17:35 We Must Launch the Military Ombudsman’s Work Shortly – Address by the President 29 December 2024 - 21:10 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Discusses Continued Support for Ukraine with Justin Trudeau 29 December 2024 - 20:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery 27 December 2024 - 20:15 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We Simplified the Process of Receiving Officer Ranks for Soldiers and Sergeants with Combat Experience; This Is a Proper Social Advancement within the Army – Address by the President 30 December 2024 - 21:55 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today is a good day. We have brought 189 more of our men home from Russian captivity. These include warriors of the Armed Forces, the National Guard – defenders of Mariupol and Azovstal, our border guards. Two civilians. I thank the entire team involved in the prisoner exchanges. I am also grateful to the United Arab Emirates for their mediation. And, of course, I want to express my gratitude to all our warriors who continue to replenish the “exchange fund” for Ukraine. This is the most important task – to bring all our people home from captivity – all warriors and civilians, every single person waiting to return. We will keep working on it. I have signed a decree appointing a Commissioner for the protection of the rights of our warriors and their families. Olha Reshetylova, a well-known Ukrainian human rights advocate, will now focus on drafting a bill on the Military Ombudsman. This is the institution we need to create, and it's not just one person. A systemic work is needed, so that the Ombudsman has an apparatus and all the real possibilities to influence the situation and help. And it is very important that each of our military feel that it is really possible to ask for support and receive it. The role and responsibilities of the Military Ombudsman must be developed with input from our warriors – and we must ask them directly. We are doing this through the Army Plus platform. We are launching a survey about the Military Ombudsman, and I urge every soldier and every officer to share their views on what the priorities should be. Today, an important decision was made to help our army become more modern and to apply the experience gained in defense operations during this war. We have simplified the process for soldiers and sergeants with combat experience to receive officer ranks. This is a proper mechanism for social advancement within the army. Today, I would also like to thank the team from Ukraine’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Agrarian Policy and Food for organizing our delegation’s visit to Damascus – to the new Syria. I look forward to receiving reports from the ministers on the negotiations and the initial results. This demonstrates Ukraine’s leadership and agility in foreign policy – qualities that can deliver the positive outcomes we need. We have the opportunity to help restore stability in Syria after years of Russian interference, and this will undoubtedly support our own efforts to restore peace for us. It would be the right step to restore our diplomatic relations and economic cooperation with Syria. And I really hope that post-Assad Syria will respect international law – something Assad couldn’t and didn’t want to do. He was dependent and simply didn’t understand what it means to respect his own people and the international community. And one more thing. Today, Ukraine has received significant support packages from the United States – packages worth several billion dollars. This assistance will strengthen the frontlines in the near future, help us repel Russian assaults, and support Ukraine in saving lives. I am grateful to the President of the United States, to Congress – both parties and both chambers – and to every American heart that desires more space for freedom in the world. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine