6 captures 28 Mar 2023 - 22 Sep 2024 Feb MAR Apr 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230328062637/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-proviv-rozmovu-z-derzhavnim-sekretarem-z-pitan-81845 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I held an away meeting of the Staff - in Dnipro, a strategic city in the center of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 March 2023 - 22:42 View all videos n latest news I held an away meeting of the Staff - in Dnipro, a strategic city in the center of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 March 2023 - 22:39 In the Dnipropetrovsk region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Nikopol district, which is constantly under enemy fire 27 March 2023 - 20:36 President met with Director General of the IAEA on the territory of the Dnipro HPP 27 March 2023 - 19:25 President observed the course of elimination of the consequences of the Russian strike at Zaporizhzhia on March 22 27 March 2023 - 19:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Zaporizhzhia and Dnipropetrovsk region 27 March 2023 - 16:01 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva had a conversation with the State Secretary for International Affairs at the Office of the Prime Minister of Slovenia 27 March 2023 - 18:50 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a conversation with State Secretary for International Affairs at the Office of the Prime Minister of Slovenia Vojko Volk. Ihor Zhovkva expressed gratitude to the Slovenian side for consistent political support of Ukraine, practical help in countering Russian aggression and overcoming its consequences, willingness to participate in the reconstruction of destroyed Ukrainian cities and demining of territories. He also thanked Slovenia for supporting the Peace Formula of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and expressed hope that official Ljubljana will take part in the implementation of some of its points. The accession of Slovenia to the core group on the creation of a Special Tribunal for the crime of aggression against our country was positively noted. The interlocutors separately discussed the topic of European integration of Ukraine. Ihor Zhovkva expressed gratitude for Slovenia's consistent support for the European integration aspirations of our country. He emphasized that Ukraine is doing everything necessary to implement the seven recommendations of the European Commission in order to start negotiations on joining the EU already this year. The Deputy Head of the President's Office noted the importance of the 10th package of sanctions against Russia adopted by the European Union and emphasized the need for further strengthening of sanctions pressure on the aggressor, in particular the formation of the next powerful sanctions package. The upcoming bilateral contacts at the highest level and their agenda were also discussed during the conversation. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine