16 captures 21 Mar 2023 - 21 Jun 2025 Feb MAR Apr 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230321203151/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/partnerstvo-ukrayini-ta-yaponiyi-posilyuye-globalnu-bezpeku-81721 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today we have several important defense decisions what is necessary to support our warriors – address by the President of Ukraine 20 March 2023 - 21:38 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Fumio Kishida: Ukraine-Japan partnership strengthens global security and brings peace closer 21 March 2023 - 20:44 Ihor Zhovkva met with Secretary General of the International Chamber of Commerce John Denton 21 March 2023 - 18:53 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 21 March 2023 - 15:16 President: The liberation of Moshchun was one of the turning points of our struggle and the beginning of the enemy’s end 21 March 2023 - 14:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Japan in Kyiv 21 March 2023 - 17:27 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Fumio Kishida: Ukraine-Japan partnership strengthens global security and brings peace closer 21 March 2023 - 20:44 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida, who arrived in our country on a visit. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that he was pleased to welcome to Kyiv a truly powerful defender of the international order and a longtime friend of Ukraine. "It is symbolic that the Prime Minister is making his first visit to Ukraine today, on the day of the anniversary of the beginning of the liberation of Ukrainian territories. And he started it from Bucha. We appreciate it very much," the Head of State said at the meeting with media representatives after the negotiations with Fumio Kishida. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized the importance of stepping up global leadership right now to protect the Purposes and Principles of the UN Charter and international security in general. "The ongoing Russian aggression against Ukraine and the international order has provoked threats and risks that the world has not witnessed in decades. And we are working with our partners to prevent different nations in different parts of the world from having to suffer the brutal consequences of Russian aggression for decades to come, such as destabilization of international relations, social chaos and even provoked mass starvation," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Fumio Kishida for significantly supporting Ukraine in security, economic, political, sanctions and humanitarian aspects. During the meeting in Kyiv, the parties discussed Russia's attempts to intensify its aggressive actions. In this context, the parties discussed Ukraine's current security needs and agreed to continue the dialogue on expanding security cooperation. The interlocutors also paid attention to further sanction pressure on Russia for its aggression. "Japan has applied 18 packages of sanctions against Russian aggression, and new sanction packages should continue this path of restoring global security and reducing the potential of Russian terror. Sanctions must be faster than Russia's ability to adapt to them," the President of Ukraine is convinced. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also thanked Japan for its readiness to cooperate to implement the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, which is the only comprehensive and realistic plan to stop Russian aggression and restore the full force of the UN Charter, returning security to Ukraine, the whole of Europe and the world. In addition, as the Head of State noted, our country highly appreciates Japan's support for global efforts to establish a Special Tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Fumio Kishida discussed cooperation in the framework of Japan's G7 Presidency. In particular, the President of Ukraine noted that he had accepted the invitation of the Prime Minister of Japan to participate in an online format in the G7 summit scheduled for May in Hiroshima. During the negotiations, the parties specifically focused on Japan's involvement in Ukraine's reconstruction, which offers great opportunities for cooperation. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that since February 24, 2022, Japan's assistance in the field of reconstruction had reached more than $7 billion. "Japan's leadership in the implementation of the Fast Recovery Plan and in the post-war recovery of Ukraine will definitely create new directions for the development of both our and Japanese society, both the Ukrainian and Japanese economies. Today, I suggested that Japan focus on supporting our medical institutions and on restoring certain sectors of the economy. These are the automotive industry, green transformation, in particular the production of hydrogen equipment and lithium batteries, where Japan is one of the technological leaders," the Head of State said. According to him, Ukraine is also interested in Japan's support for humanitarian demining. Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that following the talks, a Joint Statement on Special Global Partnership between the two countries was signed. "This document reflects both our values, which we defend together, and our aspirations, which are yet to be realized," he said. The President emphasized that Ukraine and Japan had achieved the most meaningful relations in more than 30 years, yet this was only the foundation for what could be achieved in the future. "It is obvious that the partnership between Ukraine and Japan strengthens global security and brings closer the time when we will finally be able to restore peace and guarantee the stability of life for Ukrainians and all the peoples of the world," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. For his part, the Prime Minister of Japan underscored solidarity with Ukraine. He praised the courage and patience of the Ukrainian people as they defend their homeland and freedom. "Japan will continue to support Ukraine until peace returns to its beautiful land," said Fumio Kishida. The Prime Minister of Japan noted that Russia's aggression undermined all the foundations of the world order and violated international law. According to Fumio Kishida, Japan is cooperating with Ukraine in imposing sanctions on Russia. The Prime Minister emphasized that since last year, his country had provided humanitarian and financial assistance to Ukraine, including support for the energy sector, agriculture, and demining. In addition, Japan plans to provide funds for the supply of non-lethal weapons through the NATO Trust Fund. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Japan in Kyiv 21 March 2023 - 17:27 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Japan in Kyiv 21 March 2023 - 17:27 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine