5 captures 20 Jun 2023 - 16 Mar 2025 May JUN Jul 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230620194530/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-prezidentom-svitov-83677 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos A rebuilt and strengthened Ukraine means protection against all forms of Russian terror - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 June 2023 - 21:58 View all videos n latest news A rebuilt and strengthened Ukraine means protection against all forms of Russian terror - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 June 2023 - 22:01 Olena Zelenska met with the First Lady and President of Israel 19 June 2023 - 23:31 The evil state has no such fortifications or reserves that will stop Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 June 2023 - 22:16 President had a phone call with the President of the World Bank 19 June 2023 - 18:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The meeting of the President of Ukraine with a delegation of African countries in Kyiv 16 June 2023 - 20:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President had a phone call with the President of the World Bank 19 June 2023 - 18:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with World Bank President Ajay Banga. The Head of State congratulated the interlocutor on his election to the post and thanked for the World Bank's unwavering support since the first days of Russia's full-scale aggression. The parties discussed further development of cooperation, in particular, mobilization of international support for Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the rapid response of the World Bank to the blasting of the Kakhovka HPP dam by the Russian invaders, as well as cooperation with Ukraine in assessing the damage caused by this disaster. The Head of State invited the World Bank to resume the work of its representative office in our country and expressed interest in cooperation during the post-war transformation of Ukraine, particularly in overcoming corruption and reducing the share of cash in the Ukrainian economy. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine