1 capture 27 Sep 2024 Aug SEP Oct 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240927142037/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-09-2023&date-to=25-09-2024&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Can Be No Just Peace Without Ukraine - Speech of the President at the UN General Assembly 25 September 2024 - 18:48 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Winterization of Ukraine's Energy System: President Met with Executives of Leading American Energy Companies 24 September 2024 - 12:12 The Head of State thanked the American business community and the U.S. Administration for their support in the restoration of Ukraine's energy facilities. Ukraine's Plan for Victory Contains a Clear Vision of Steps Towards a Just and Lasting Peace – Andriy Yermak 24 September 2024 - 11:15 Ukraine's Plan for Victory, presented by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the United States, contains a clear vision of the steps to be taken to ensure a just and lasting peace. This was stated by the Head of the Office of the President, Andriy Yermak, in his speech at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York. I Call on Every Adult in the World to Take Action to Save Children – Olena Zelenska on the Sidelines of the UN Summit of the Future 24 September 2024 - 09:18 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the event “Securing the Future for Children: Addressing New Challenges for Soft Power” held on the sidelines of the UN Summit of the Future and the 79th Session of the UN General Assembly. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Discussed Prospects for Trade and Economic Cooperation with the President of Paraguay 24 September 2024 - 02:10 In New York, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of Paraguay Santiago Peña. Strengthening Cooperation and Intensifying Joint Efforts on International Platforms: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Narendra Modi 24 September 2024 - 01:49 In New York, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Members of the U.S. Congress 24 September 2024 - 00:56 On the sidelines of the UN General Assembly, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a bipartisan delegation from the United States Congress. The meeting was attended by Senators Ben Cardin, Dan Sullivan, Christopher Murphy, and Representative Gregory Meeks. Energy Support and Stepping Up Sanctions Against Russia: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Fumio Kishida 24 September 2024 - 00:12 On the sidelines of the UN General Assembly, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida. The President awarded the Japanese Prime Minister with the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, I class. We Know Exactly How Much Global Unity Can Achieve – Speech by the President of Ukraine at the Plenary Session of the Summit of the Future 23 September 2024 - 23:53 It is important that the world is working to develop a shared vision for the best future for humanity. As soon as such collective efforts begin, true interests are always revealed. Implementation of the Peace Formula and Preparations for the Second Peace Summit: President Met with OAS Secretary General 23 September 2024 - 21:48 On the sidelines of the UN General Assembly, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Secretary General of the Organization of American States Luis Almagro. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Chancellor of Germany 23 September 2024 - 21:33 The Head of State thanked Germany for all its support and significant contribution to the strengthening of Ukraine's defense capabilities, primarily for air defense systems. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine