1 capture 13 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 13 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220313193349/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=13-03-2021&date-to=13-03-2022&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We still need to fight and inflict maximum damage on the enemy in all areas of defense - address by the President of Ukraine 13 March 2022 - 01:05 View all videos pg Photo gallery President paid a visit to the wounded defenders of Ukraine undergoing treatment at a military hospital 13 March 2022 - 17:20 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – I am sure that soon we will be able to tell our people: come back, because there is no more threat - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 March 2022 - 11:22 We are already thinking about the future. For all Ukrainians. After the war. About how to revive our cities. How to revive the economy. We have an agreement among the largest financial institutions to support Ukraine. Website was launched for foreigners who want to help Ukraine protect its freedom and territorial integrity 5 March 2022 - 09:35 Foreigners who want to help Ukraine can find detailed step-by-step instructions on how to join the fair fight against the aggressor at https://fightforua.org/. We continue to fight, we will protect our state and liberate our land thanks to our heroes - address by the President of Ukraine 4 March 2022 - 23:06 We responded to the invasion as we can in times of greatest danger. Responded with heroism. Solidarity. Mutual assistance. We responded in Ukrainian. So that the history of Europe will remember it forever. It will tell children about it. Show it to grandchildren. Volodymyr Zelenskyy addressed residents of European cities: Support Ukraine, and it will be a victory of freedom, a victory of light over darkness 4 March 2022 - 21:24 During the teleconference, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy addressed residents of European cities who took part in a rally in support of Ukraine. Rallies in support of our state and against the Russian invasion took place in Frankfurt, Prague, Lyon, Tbilisi, Vienna, Bratislava and Vilnius. In order to implement the agreements reached at the talks on March 3, ways to resolve humanitarian issues are being elaborated - Adviser to the Head of the President's Office 4 March 2022 - 19:14 According to him, a working group has been set up, which includes representatives of Ukraine and Russia, as well as the International Committee of the Red Cross as a mediator. They discuss how it is logistically possible to evacuate people from the affected settlements, as well as how to bring food and medicine there. The closed sky over Ukraine will change the course of the war with Russia and allow to resolve humanitarian issues - Mykhailo Podoliak 4 March 2022 - 18:54 Closing the sky over Ukraine for Russian aircraft will significantly change the course of the war and help resolve a number of issues, including humanitarian ones. Mykhailo Podoliak, Adviser to the Head of the President's Office emphasized this during a briefing in Lviv. Ukraine will not make any concessions that could undermine our struggle for territorial integrity - Mykhailo Podoliak 4 March 2022 - 17:36 The position of Supreme Commander-in-Chief, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on negotiations with the Russian Federation remains tough: Ukraine will not make any concessions that could undermine our struggle for territorial integrity. This was stated by Adviser to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podoliak during a briefing in Lviv. We have survived the night that could have stopped the history of Ukraine and Europe - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 March 2022 - 11:21 We are fighting against a powerful enemy that outnumbers us. Which outnumbers us in the amount of equipment. But which is thousands of light years away from normal people who have dignity. Ukraine requests the International Committee of the Red Cross to urgently assist in creating humanitarian corridors 4 March 2022 - 11:06 The Ukrainian state requests the International Committee of the Red Cross to take urgent action to organize humanitarian corridors and is ready to do everything necessary to evacuate the civilian population and deliver humanitarian goods. Invaders in captured Ukrainian cities create humanitarian crisis to send their "humanitarian convoys" - President 3 March 2022 - 23:22 The invaders are creating a humanitarian crisis in the occupied cities of Ukraine, blocking Ukraine's "green corridors" and thus forcing people to leave to the territory of Russia. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with representatives of the Western media. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 102 103 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine