1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033047/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=118 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President and First Lady honored the memory of the Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred 20 February 2023 - 10:06 On the Day of the Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska honored the memory of the activists perished during the Revolution of Dignity in 2014. Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the Day of Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred 20 February 2023 - 09:03 Nine years after the Revolution of Dignity, the battle for our independence continues. For an independent, free and powerful Ukraine, European and democratic, independent and united. And there is no doubt that we will protect all this, that we will make the dream of Ukrainian heroes come true. I want our people to have predictability now, and a feeling that Ukraine is moving towards its goals - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 February 2023 - 21:30 I will continue this format of work both at the Staff and in informing on defense management. I want our people to know and understand what we prepare and control, and how we do that. Olena Zelenska: The war is always too long, even when it lasts one day 19 February 2023 - 14:04 First Lady Olena Zelenska gave an interview to South Korean TV company Channel A. She thanked the Republic of Korea for its support and emphasized the need for continued global assistance to our country. We receive strong signals from our partners regarding inevitability of holding Russia accountable for aggression and terror against Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 February 2023 - 21:10 Every Russian attack on the city of Kharkiv and the region, Sumy region and Donetsk region, Khmelnytsky, our Nikopol, and every corner of our state will have concrete legal consequences for the terrorist state. It applies not only to the evil that Russia has brought since February 24 but also since 2014. We remember everything. Ukraine fighting for new ethics to emerge from crucible of this war to form basis for postwar world order – Andriy Yermak at Munich Security Conference 18 February 2023 - 18:39 It is in the interests not only of Ukraine but also of the whole world to build such a security mechanism that can prevent aggression or effectively punish it. It was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, when participating in a panel discussion at the Munich Security Conference online. Head of President's Office believes Ukraine's security cannot be guaranteed without trial for Russian political leaders 17 February 2023 - 22:52 Ukraine will not feel safe until it punishes those who started the war by committing the crime of aggression. It was stated by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak, opening the Ukraine Is You exhibition within the Munich Security Conference. We are doing everything to strengthen our soldiers, inspiring the world with courage and resilience – address of President of Ukraine 17 February 2023 - 20:18 Our diplomatic marathon continues without a break – since my visit to Washington in December. Olena Zelenska: We need to work twice as hard on school food reform to compensate for year stolen by war 17 February 2023 - 19:28 First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in a working meeting entitled: "School Food Reform: Priority Areas of Development in the Conditions of War and Post-War Recovery of Ukraine." The aggressor must always lose, every state in the world must have the right to independence and respect – address of Ukraine's President to participants of 44th Regular Meeting of Conference of Government Heads of Caribbean Community 17 February 2023 - 19:09 If Russia, God forbid, is successful in any way, the balance in the world will change. Not in favor of law. But in favor of violence. 1 2 ... 115 116 117 118 119 120 121 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine