8 captures 20 Apr 2022 - 15 Oct 2025 Mar APR May 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220420165434/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mizhnarodna-ekspertna-grupa-yermaka-makfola-prezentuye-napra-74425 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos If our partners have the weapons Ukraine needs, their duty is to help protect freedom and the lives of people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 April 2022 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group presents action plan to strengthen sanctions against Russia 20 April 2022 - 16:14 If our partners have the weapons Ukraine needs, their duty is to help protect freedom and the lives of people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 April 2022 - 22:49 President discussed with the people's deputies the most important legislative initiatives for the activities of the state during the war 19 April 2022 - 18:52 We, the world and history will take from Russia much more than Russian missiles will take from Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 April 2022 - 23:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy with Head of the Delegation of the European Union to Ukraine Matti Maasikas 18 April 2022 - 22:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group presents action plan to strengthen sanctions against Russia 20 April 2022 - 16:14 Created pursuant to the initiative of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a group of Ukrainian and international experts who analyze the real impact of sanctions imposed on Russia presents an action plan to strengthen sanctions against the Russian Federation. On Wednesday, April 20, the co-chairs of the expert group - Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak and Director of the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), Former US National Security Adviser, Ambassador Michael McFaul - will present the Sanctions Action Plan to the public. The time of the presentation will be announced separately on social networks. This document contains proposals to the international democratic community on a set of further economic measures aimed at forcing the Russian leadership to end the war in Ukraine as soon as possible and maximize the price of aggression for Russia. The plan focuses on 10 key areas of sanctions policy, including: Designating Russia and Belarus as states - sponsors of terrorism, and the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation as a terrorist organization; A complete ban on Russian energy exports; Expanding sanctions against the financial sector of Russia and Belarus; Enhancing transportation-related and insurance-related sanctions; Expanding and strengthening trade embargoes and personal sanctions. The document also emphasizes the importance of introducing secondary sanctions and synchronizing the efforts of democratic countries in sanctions policy. "This document will be the basis for further work of our government to increase sanctions pressure on Russia. We will offer our partners this list as a basis for coordinating the implementation of sanctions. By the way, the document itself contains provisions on the synchronization of sanctions pressure from democratic countries," Andriy Yermak said. The Head of the President's Office thanked the expert group for its high efficiency and urged to continue the work. "We need a quick implementation of all the proposals and a thorough assessment of their effectiveness," he said. - pdf - 177.59 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine