8 captures 09 Mar 2022 - 18 Nov 2025 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309020252/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-vikonannya-domovlenostej-dosyagnutih-na-peregovorah-treto-73349 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office In order to implement the agreements reached at the talks on March 3, ways to resolve humanitarian issues are being elaborated - Adviser to the Head of the President's Office 4 March 2022 - 19:14 In the framework of the agreements reached during the Ukrainian-Russian talks on March 3, ways are being elaborated to resolve humanitarian issues, including the evacuation of people and the delivery of food and medicine to the victims of the shelling of the cities. Mykhailo Podoliak, Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine spoke about this at a briefing in Lviv. According to him, a working group has been set up, which includes representatives of Ukraine and Russia, as well as the International Committee of the Red Cross as a mediator. They discuss how it is logistically possible to evacuate people from the affected settlements, as well as how to bring food and medicine there. "I think that today, we will have a clear understanding, for example, as regards Mariupol, what will be the corridor there. Because about 200,000 people there want to be evacuated. In Volnovakha, about 20,000 people want to leave," Mykhailo Podoliak said. He stressed that the Ukrainian side has routing in all directions. This tripartite group is being finalized. For his part, leader of the Servant of the People faction Davyd Arakhamia expressed hope that the agreements reached during the March 3 talks on the evacuation of civilians and the creation of humanitarian corridors will be observed. According to him, the Russian side takes this negotiation process seriously and even speeds it up, as the current situation is very damaging to Russia's image in the eyes of the world. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine