7 captures 28 May 2020 - 14 Aug 2025 Jun JUL Aug 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220702073844/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-politic-61037 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The United States announced a new support package for Ukraine, which includes powerful NASAMS systems that will significantly strengthen our air defense - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2022 - 23:30 View all videos n latest news The United States announced a new support package for Ukraine, which includes powerful NASAMS systems that will significantly strengthen our air defense - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2022 - 23:27 The whole world understands that it is Ukraine who is implementing the main reform in Europe - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2022 - 21:11 Ukraine will have its own security model, and these must be clear, legally verified guarantees - Andriy Yermak 1 July 2022 - 20:44 Head of State met with the Prime Minister of Norway in Kyiv 1 July 2022 - 20:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Norway in Kyiv 1 July 2022 - 17:16 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the President's Office had a phone conversation with political advisers to the leaders of the Normandy Four 6 May 2020 - 16:36 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with political advisers to the leaders of the states - members of the Normandy format. The Ukrainian party offered to restart the work of the Trilateral Contact Group. It is to speed up the Minsk process that the President of Ukraine signed a relevant decree, according to which Ukraine's representation in the TCG was significantly increased. "We have raised it to a very high official level," Andriy Yermak said. In particular, Deputy Prime Minister of Ukraine - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov has been appointed Deputy Head of the Ukrainian delegation in the TCG. At the level of subgroups, Ukraine is represented by deputy ministers or people's deputies - chairmen of profile committees of the Verkhovna Rada. The Ukrainian party also offered to involve the internally displaced persons who were forced to leave certain districts of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions after May 2014 in the work of the TCG subgroups as invited persons representing these districts. Andriy Yermak noted that the members of the Trilateral Contact Group will involve these people in the discussion, consultations and coordination of issues stipulated by the Minsk agreements. At the same time, the Head of the President's Office stressed the inadmissibility of any negotiations with representatives of unrecognized quasi-state entities. Andriy Yermak offered to agree on the expanded composition of the delegations of Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE in accordance with the proposals of the Ukrainian party at the next meeting of the TCG, which is to take place on May 14. "The high official status of the members of the delegations will make it possible to make decisions faster and more efficiently, implement them and see who does not implement them," the Head of the Office of the President said. He stressed the need for a complete and comprehensive ceasefire, as well as an immediate and full access of representatives of the OSCE Special Monitoring Mission and the International Committee of the Red Cross to the temporarily uncontrolled territories. "This is directly related to people's lives and health, which is the highest priority for Ukraine," Andriy Yermak said. "Ukraine fulfills and will continue to fulfill everything that the leaders (of the Normandy format countries - ed.) have agreed on in Paris. It is for this purpose that we have proposed a new format of TCG," the Head of the President's Office said. It bears reminding that the day before there was a phone conversation of Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the countries of "Normandy Four". Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine