2 captures 26 Apr 2024 - 11 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240426113146/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/konfiskovani-rosijski-aktivi-treba-spryamuvati-na-vidnovlenn-90541 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I Am Grateful to All the Countries That Have Recently Adopted New Decisions on Aid for Ukraine - Address by the President 25 April 2024 - 20:26 View all videos n latest news A Book About the Life of Children During the War Was Presented in Kyiv 26 April 2024 - 13:24 Establishment of a Tribunal and Compensation Mechanism: Iryna Mudra Met with the Ambassador of Japan 25 April 2024 - 21:01 Ukraine Needs Children's Books on Inclusion – Olena Zelenska at the Book Country Festival 25 April 2024 - 20:54 I Am Grateful to All the Countries That Have Recently Adopted New Decisions on Aid for Ukraine - Address by the President 25 April 2024 - 20:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Meets with Foreign and Ukrainian Ambassadors 24 April 2024 - 18:44 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Iryna Mudra: Confiscated Russian Assets Should Be Used to Restore and Protect Energy Sector 25 April 2024 - 16:21 The Embassy of the Netherlands in Ukraine hosted a discussion on the possibility of bringing the aggressor state of Russia to justice for the shelling of energy facilities. The event was attended by Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Iryna Mudra, Prosecutor General Andriy Kostin and foreign diplomats. Iryna Mudra noted that it is important to establish a special tribunal for the crime of aggression, an international compensation mechanism, and confiscate Russian assets to finance the compensation mechanism. According to her, at the end of last year, Ukraine's total reconstruction needs were estimated at almost $486 billion. "All damage to the energy infrastructure will be recorded, claims will be filed and compensation will be calculated. But it will be paid if you make the right choice and confiscate frozen assets to finance the compensation mechanism. I would like to thank the United States for adopting a progressive law. About $300 billion of Russian state assets are frozen around the world. I urge everyone to join this initiative," she said and added that sanctions against Russia should be strengthened. During the meeting, the parties also discussed strengthening cooperation with international partners to record and document Russia's war crimes and to step up combating sanctions circumvention. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine