1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022845/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=17 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Every new foreign investment in Ukraine is one more step towards our victory - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 20:51 Today, Ukrainian diplomats must work to enhance the interaction of our country's regions and cities with cities and regions of other countries for the sake of reconstruction and development. Other priorities include attracting investment, new technologies, and increasing economic activity in Ukraine. President: Weapons and sanctions are among the top priorities of Ukrainian diplomats 2 August 2023 - 20:36 The Head of State emphasized that the Ukrainian troops need effective air defense systems, long-range weapons, including ATACMS, equipment and scarce munitions, as well as F-16 aircraft. President: Ukraine's membership in the EU and NATO, security guarantees and neighborhood policy are the guidelines of Ukrainian diplomacy 2 August 2023 - 20:10 By the end of this year, Ukraine is to begin negotiations on its future membership in the European Union. Also, the main focus of the work of representatives of Ukrainian diplomatic missions in foreign countries is preparation for joining NATO and specific security guarantees on the way to the Alliance. President: Today, the efforts of our diplomacy should be aimed at the full implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula with the involvement of a wide range of countries 2 August 2023 - 18:43 Also, as stated by the President, Ukraine expects other states and all international organizations whose actions for peace can and will be significant to join this work. The Head of State held an emergency meeting with the heads of foreign diplomatic missions of Ukraine and announced five benchmarks for the next political season 2 August 2023 - 18:36 “I will now give you five guidelines. The Peace Formula is the first. Weapons and sanctions are the second. Ukraine's integration into the European Union and NATO, security guarantees, and neighborhood policy are the third. The fourth is the economy, recovery, and transformation. The fifth is our people, both in Ukraine and abroad, in the countries where you work,” the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Brazil and President Lula da Silva could help implement one of the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula 31 July 2023 - 17:46 Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that Brazil must be a party to the implementation of the Peace Formula proposed by Ukraine, in particular the implementation of the paragraph on global food security. President held a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities in Ivano-Frankivsk 30 July 2023 - 17:04 According to the Head of State, the agenda of the meeting included three topics: energy sector and protection of Ukraine's energy infrastructure from Russian attacks; international politics, implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and preparation for the Global Peace Summit, security guarantees for our country and the start of negotiations on accession to the European Union; budget expenditures at the state and local levels. President visited a rehabilitation center in Ivano-Frankivsk and awarded Ukrainian defenders 30 July 2023 - 15:13 During a working trip to Ivano-Frankivsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a medical facility where wounded Ukrainian servicemen are undergoing treatment. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visits informational and psychological operations units and Resistance Movement of SOF in Donetsk region 29 July 2023 - 15:50 Commanders of tactical groups of the informational and psychological operations units spoke about their activities using advanced information technologies, successful informational and psychological campaigns and actions. Head of State takes part in solemn events on Day of Special Operations Forces of Ukrainian Armed Forces in Donetsk region 29 July 2023 - 14:31 Commander of the Special Operations Forces, Brigadier General Viktor Khorenko, reported to the President about the actions of the SOF warriors. In particular, Zelenskyy handed over the Golden Star order to the father of Captain Oleksiy Khyzhniak, who was posthumously awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine. 1 2 ... 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine