1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033148/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=96 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Oleksiy Kuleba took part in the opening of the "Girl under the Sun" sculpture, which was installed in Borodyanka on the anniversary of the deoccupation of the Kyiv region 2 April 2023 - 17:28 The four-meter sculpture represents the victory of life over destruction, and its arches symbolize the resistance of seven districts of the Kyiv region and the capital. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with the President of the International Federation of Gymnastics 1 April 2023 - 22:48 The representatives of Ukraine also emphasized that Russia uses its athletes to propagandize aggression, so they called on Morinari Watanabe to support the initiative to prevent Russian and Belarusian athletes from participating in the 2024 Olympics. Today, the terrorist state began to chair the UN Security Council, and yesterday the Russian army killed another Ukrainian child – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 April 2023 - 20:02 There is no such form of terror that has not yet been committed by Russia. And there will be no such reason that will stop the reform of global institutions, in particular, the UN Security Council. No occupier, starting with the leadership of the Russian Federation, will escape liability – Andriy Yermak 1 April 2023 - 15:58 Ukraine is determined to ensure that all the occupiers, starting from the Russian leadership who issued the criminal orders to their immediate executors, are brought to justice for the crimes committed in our country. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak said this during the United News telethon, summing up this week full of local and international events. Exhibition of Russian war crimes opens in New York on Bucha liberation anniversary 1 April 2023 - 14:15 On the initiative of the Office of the President of Ukraine, on March 31 – the day of the liberation of Bucha – the "Ukraine. Crucifixion. Tribunal" international exhibition opened in New York, 100 meters from the United Nations. The exhibition is dedicated to the crimes of the Russian Federation in Ukraine and is presented on the eve of the UN's consideration of the creation of an International Tribunal that will punish Russia for crimes of aggression. The main word today is justice, for our state and our people who suffered losses due to Russian aggression – address of President of Ukraine 31 March 2023 - 22:55 Ukrainians will endure this war. We will free our land and all our people from Russian captivity. And there will be a day when the world will hear that justice has been restored for Ukraine. There will be a new Nuremberg – against the ruscists. Diplomatic relations with Russia are possible only after the withdrawal of all Russian troops from Ukraine's territory, with the participation of partner states – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 March 2023 - 22:25 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has said that the documentation of the outcome of the aggressive war launched by Russia against Ukraine should take place diplomatically, but only after the withdrawal of all Russian troops from the territory of Ukraine and with the participation of partner countries. Full accountability is what teaches an aggressor to live in peace – Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the Bucha Summit 31 March 2023 - 22:10 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the first Bucha Summit Faces of Justice, dedicated to discussing the mechanisms of bringing the aggressor state to full accountability for crimes against the Ukrainian people and humanity. Bucha Declaration on accountability for the most serious crimes under international law committed on the territory of Ukraine 31 March 2023 - 20:45 We, representatives of the States and International organizations, met on 31 March 2023 for the Bucha Summit on Russia’s accountability for the crimes in Ukraine, have resolved as follows: emphasize the importance of international cooperation and judicial assistance in conducting effective investigations and prosecutions, and encourage States to provide such support. Joint declaration of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of the Republic of Slovenia Robert Golob 31 March 2023 - 19:22 President of Ukraine and Prime Minister of the Republic of Slovenia reiterate their demand that the Russian Federation immediately, completely, and unconditionally withdraw all of its military forces from the territory of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders. 1 2 ... 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine