1 capture 03 Oct 2022 Sep OCT Nov 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221003223131/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2021&date-to=04-10-2022&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine appreciates people, saves people – these are fundamental rules for our state – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 October 2022 - 23:47 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Head of the President's Office with Ukrainian servicemen in Türkiye 3 October 2022 - 18:54 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We will ensure the systematic development of the Territorial Defense Forces, as the ability of people to defend themselves is the best foundation for national security - President 2 October 2022 - 16:55 On the Day of Territorial Defense of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with servicemen of the Territorial Defense Forces of the Ukrainian Armed Forces and presented state awards to them. Andriy Yermak started his visit to Türkiye and met with the leadership of the Baykar company 2 October 2022 - 14:59 He visited the production facilities of the Baykar company, which produces Bayraktar unmanned aerial vehicles. The Head of the Presidential Office became the first foreign guest to visit the Baykar Research Center, witnessing its actual opening. During this week more Ukrainian flags appeared in Donbas, there will be even more – address of President of Ukraine 1 October 2022 - 21:28 Ukraine will return its own. Both in the east and in the south. And what they tried to annex now, and Crimea, which has been called annexed since 2014. Our flag will be everywhere. There will be punishment for those who committed this crime of aggression against our independent state. Civilized world must show Russia that it will not get away with either attempted annexation or nuclear blackmail – Andriy Yermak in column for The Atlantic 1 October 2022 - 17:56 The response to Russia's nuclear blackmail must be fierce and unequivocal, otherwise every dictator will scramble to obtain nuclear weapons, and al nonproliferation agreements will be worthless. This is stated in the column of Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak published in the U.S. magazine The Atlantic. Negotiations with Russia can resume only when Russian army leaves entire territory of Ukraine, including Crimea – Podolyak in interview with La Repubblica 1 October 2022 - 15:04 Despite the statement of the authorities of the Russian Federation that it is ready for negotiations, it puts forward only ultimatums, so in such conditions the settlement of the conflict by diplomatic means is impossible, Mykhailo Podolyak, the adviser to the head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, said in an interview with the Italian publication La Repubblica. Ukraine to continue liberating its territories despite any statements from Russia – Mykhailo Podolyak in interview with Politico 1 October 2022 - 13:18 "We have no other options when it comes to ending the war properly. We can't leave some enclave [under Russian occupation] or create a new dividing line," Podolyak said. Our path is path of independence, territorial integrity, integration with civilized world, path of Russia is defeat and shame – address of President of Ukraine 30 September 2022 - 21:43 We must liberate our entire land, and this will be the best proof that international law and human values cannot be broken by any terrorist state, even one as insolent as Russia. Andriy Yermak has phone talk with Italian senator Adolfo Urso 30 September 2022 - 20:52 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a telephone conversation with the Italian senator, the head of the parliamentary committee for the security of the Italian Republic, Adolfo Urso. President of Ukraine has telephone talk with Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen 30 September 2022 - 20:25 The head of state expressed gratitude to Denmark and personally to the head of the government for the effective defense, financial and humanitarian support of Ukraine from the very beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia. Achievements of students at Olympiads, as well as victories at front is evidence of conscientious work of Ukrainian educators today – Head of State 30 September 2022 - 19:32 On the occasion of the upcoming Educator's Day of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to educators and certificates for receiving the Head of State's award to the winners of international student Olympiads. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 151 152 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine