4 captures 20 Apr 2022 - 25 Jun 2025 Mar APR May 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220420175944/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chlenstvo-v-yes-ye-prioritetnim-napryamom-dlya-ukrayinskoyi-74429 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos If our partners have the weapons Ukraine needs, their duty is to help protect freedom and the lives of people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 April 2022 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news EU membership is a priority for the Ukrainian state and our people - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Charles Michel in Kyiv 20 April 2022 - 20:02 Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group presents action plan to strengthen sanctions against Russia 20 April 2022 - 16:14 If our partners have the weapons Ukraine needs, their duty is to help protect freedom and the lives of people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 April 2022 - 22:49 President discussed with the people's deputies the most important legislative initiatives for the activities of the state during the war 19 April 2022 - 18:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy with Head of the Delegation of the European Union to Ukraine Matti Maasikas 18 April 2022 - 22:59 Go to all galleries Home News Current events EU membership is a priority for the Ukrainian state and our people - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Charles Michel in Kyiv 20 April 2022 - 20:02 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Council Charles Michel who is on a visit to our country. The Head of State stressed that Ukraine has already submitted part of the questionnaire to the European side to obtain the status of a candidate for EU membership. "We are looking forward to the meeting, to the voting on this priority issue for our state. We expect great support from the European Union countries and personal support from President Charles Michel," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following talks with the President of the European Council in Kyiv. For his part, Charles Michel said that a decision on granting Ukraine EU candidate status is to be announced at the end of June. He expressed confidence that our country will gain strong support for its European integration course. "The road to the European Union is the road to your future. And every day you demonstrate that you are fully committed to democratic principles and freedoms. You are fighting not just for the future of Ukrainian children, but for the fundamental values of Europe," said the President of the European Council. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Charles Michel for establishing the Solidarity Trust Fund, which will help rebuild our state. "We must unite efforts to restore our critical infrastructure, the infrastructure of our cities, our country, our villages, in particular, given the large number of displaced people in Ukraine due to this war," the President said. The President of Ukraine stressed that the work to restore the infrastructure of settlements should begin now, without waiting for the end of the war. "People are living now, people are now using all this infrastructure, which is lacking," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that the Trust Fund of Solidarity with Ukraine should become one of the main components of ensuring support for our country's economy and its post-war recovery. "We discussed the prospects of holding a relevant donor conference to launch this fund. Complex challenges require immediate action without delay. Our joint action. After all, only together we can and will overcome everything and succeed," the Head of State said. The President of Ukraine also noted that our country highly appreciates the initiative to establish the Solidarity Trust Fund, which was supported by the member states of the European Union and which should unite efforts to rebuild the destroyed infrastructure. In addition, the parties discussed the technical details of mobilizing funds so that Ukraine can effectively respond to social challenges. "We are all impressed with your leadership. By your personal example, you show the bravery of Ukrainians. We stand with you and we will do everything to support you so that Ukraine wins this war," said Charles Michel. ph Meeting of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the European Council Charles Michel in Kyiv 20 April 2022 - 17:05 ph Meeting of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the European Council Charles Michel in Kyiv 20 April 2022 - 17:05 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine