6 captures 16 Feb 2023 - 13 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 17 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230217203842/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-pospilkuvavsya-zi-zvilnenimi-z-rosijskogo-polo-81037 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are doing everything to strengthen our soldiers, inspiring the world with courage and resilience – address of President of Ukraine 17 February 2023 - 20:20 View all videos n latest news We are doing everything to strengthen our soldiers, inspiring the world with courage and resilience – address of President of Ukraine 17 February 2023 - 20:18 Olena Zelenska: We need to work twice as hard on school food reform to compensate for year stolen by war 17 February 2023 - 19:28 The aggressor must always lose, every state in the world must have the right to independence and respect – address of Ukraine's President to participants of 44th Regular Meeting of Conference of Government Heads of Caribbean Community 17 February 2023 - 19:09 We have to liberate Ukraine and Europe, because when the Russian weapon shoots at us, it is already pointed at our neighbors – address by the President at the Munich Security Conference 17 February 2023 - 18:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands in Kyiv 17 February 2023 - 14:50 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak talked to Azovstal defenders and the First Deputy Mayor of Enerhodar released from Russian captivity 16 February 2023 - 23:54 Pursuant to the instruction of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak spoke via video call with First Deputy Mayor of Enerhodar Ivan Samoydiuk, who was released from Russian captivity on Thursday, as well as with senior sailor of the Ukrainian Navy Vitaliy Ageyev and serviceman of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine Vadym Dzhafarov, who defended Azovstal and Mariupol in the spring. Andriy Yermak conveyed greetings from the President of Ukraine to the liberated people. According to the Head of the President's Office, Volodymyr Zelenskyy personally followed the operation and knows the story of each liberated person. Greeting the liberated on their native land, Andriy Yermak emphasized that every return of Ukrainians from captivity is a holiday for the whole country. As reported by Deputy Chief of the Main Intelligence Directorate Dmytro Usov, today the team of the Coordination Headquarters for the Treatment of Prisoners of War managed to release 101 Ukrainian heroes: 100 servicemen and one civilian. Of these, 94 are defenders of Mariupol, including 63 defenders of Azovstal. Among those released are representatives of the Armed Forces, the National Guard and the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine. "All the necessary medical care and consultations are being provided. All documents will be restored and everything necessary for our defenders will be done," noted Dmytro Usov. According to him, all those released from captivity today were on the list of wounded, which was handed over to the Russian side by the Verkhovna Rada Commissioner for Human Rights Dmytro Lubinets during his visit to Türkiye. However, Russia did not comply with the Geneva Convention and refused to repatriate and transfer the wounded. "This did not stop us and will not stop us - we will return everyone," the Deputy Chief of the Main Intelligence Directorate emphasized. During the online call, Ivan Samoydiuk thanked President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Head of the Presidential Office and the entire team of the Coordination Headquarters for their efforts to free the prisoners. "For the opportunity to talk to you today, to talk to our families. And we look forward to being useful to our Ukraine, to our people," he said. Vitaliy Ageyev added that despite the tough conditions of captivity, he finally feels like a free man. Vadym Dzhafarov, for his part, emphasized that many of our defenders are still in Russian captivity and are experiencing all the hardships of captivity. He also noted that the enemy must be ousted from the Ukrainian land. "The country thanks you for fighting, for not giving up and for finally being home. When all our people are at home, we will definitely win and liberate our land from the invaders," said Andriy Yermak. The Head of the President's Office also thanked the team of the Coordination Headquarters for the Treatment of Prisoners of War and everyone involved in the work on the release of prisoners. Chief of the Main Intelligence Directorate, Head of the Coordination Headquarters Kyrylo Budanov expressed content with today's successful release, as there were some questions about the lists yesterday. "The fact that you are here is like a statement that everything is going according to plan and everyone will be returned," he said. Minister of Internal Affairs Ihor Klymenko, welcomed the liberated people to their native land and stated that a titanic effort is being made to free everyone. "We remember each of our defenders who are still in captivity. We want to do everything possible to get you back in line as soon as possible - the line of Ukrainian citizens, military personnel, and employees," he said. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Oleksiy Kuleba thanked Ivan Samoydiuk for his courage and resilience. "I want to congratulate you and thank you - you have been in captivity for 333 days, you are a true example of a statesman, a person who did not betray his community, his people, his nation," said Oleksiy Kuleba. "This shows that we are a united family that will definitely defeat the enemy," summarized Andriy Yermak and wished the liberated people a speedy recovery. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine