1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013131/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=69 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy takes part in Skovoroda-300 forum in Pereiaslav, speaks with students of three universities 2 December 2022 - 20:14 During a working trip to Kyiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the Skovoroda 300 cultural and artistic forum, dedicated to the anniversary of the birth of the famous Ukrainian philosopher, poet and teacher, which will be celebrated in Ukraine on December 3. President of Ukraine visited the Hryhorii Skovoroda Memorial Museum in Pereiaslav 2 December 2022 - 17:17 The Head of State was told about the cultural and artistic project "With Skovoroda in the Heart" launched in May 2021. Towels with authentic ornaments, which were characteristic of the period when Hryhorii Skovoroda lived and worked in Pereiaslav, are created within the project. If Ukraine fails to hold out against Russia's aggression, this war will spread to other territories, maybe even to other continents - President at the NYT DealBook Summit 30 November 2022 - 21:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the NYT DealBook Summit via video call and talked with the participants of the event. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with singer Jamala on the eve of her trip to the USA to participate in public and cultural events 29 November 2022 - 20:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the Ukrainian singer and songwriter, the winner of the 2016 Eurovision Song Contest Jamala, who is going to the United States of America, where she will take part in cultural events and meet with high-ranking American officials. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and United24 ambassadors discussed further steps to support Ukraine, in particular fundraising for generators for hospitals 29 November 2022 - 12:20 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the ambassadors of the United24 fundraising platform initiated by him. The meeting was dedicated to the further unification of efforts to support our country and its citizens during the full-scale Russian aggression. Foreign partners continue to join the “Grain from Ukraine” initiative of the President 28 November 2022 - 20:16 As part of the Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program launched by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on November 26 during the founding International Summit on Food Security, more than 30 countries and international organizations have already declared their support for this important project. President held a meeting with the foreign ministers of the seven Baltic and Northern European states 28 November 2022 - 19:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the significant defense, financial and humanitarian assistance of the Baltic and Northern European partners in the face of Russia's full-scale armed aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 28 November 2022 - 15:28 Staff members also heard information from the intelligence chiefs about the enemy's plans for the near future. Ways of responding to possible challenges related to the actions of the enemy were agreed upon. Joint Statement following the inaugural International Summit on Food Security 26 November 2022 - 20:34 Today we support the initiative of Ukraine and we are launching the Humanitarian Program "Grain from Ukraine" which will establish the framework to deliver Ukrainian food to the countries of Africa and Asia, which are most affected by hunger. Grain from Ukraine initiative emphasizes global role of Ukraine and its partners in guaranteeing world food security – President following International Summit on Food Security 26 November 2022 - 20:28 "The essence of our new humanitarian initiative is very simple, transparent, very important. We plan to send at least 60 ships from Ukrainian ports to the countries most affected by the food crisis and that are in need of urgent aid," the Head of State said. 1 2 ... 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine