7 captures 02 Sep 2021 - 09 Jun 2023 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214172928/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vzyala-uchast-u-zustrichi-z-zhinkami-liderkam-70505 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 President after the meeting with German Chancellor: Ukraine needs energy security guarantees due to the Nord Stream 2 related risks 14 February 2022 - 18:14 The future of European security architecture is being decided in Ukraine today - Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the meeting with German Chancellor 14 February 2022 - 18:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska took part in a meeting with Power women leaders 2 September 2021 - 01:08 During the working visit of the President of Ukraine to the United States, First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in a meeting with Power women leaders, where she shared her experience as First Lady and spoke about each area of her activities. "The level of female power today is incredible, it initiates great changes. It is important to me that we can all come together and talk about the challenges we face almost every day, as well as listen and support each other. It is often through such conversations and discussions that we can find the right ways to overcome the challenges of today," said Olena Zelenska. At the meeting, the First Lady of Ukraine informed about the main areas of her activities - equal rights for women and men, school nutrition reform, building a barrier-free Ukraine and cultural diplomacy - and shared the results achieved recently. For example, Olena Zelenska spoke about Ukraine’s participation in the Biarritz Partnership, the Kyiv Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen “Soft Power in the New Reality” and a network of Ukrainian-language audio guides. In particular, possible ways of developing the humanitarian forum were discussed. The participants agreed to exchange views on the development of the format and content of the summit. At the end of the meeting, the participants asked each other questions and discussed substantively the problems that concern their countries and societies today. The women leaders drew attention to the importance of institutionalizing the work of the President's wife, as each of the participants is somehow related to the activities of the first ladies of the United States in the past and now. "One of the steps to establish the first lady institute is the creation of a large platform for sharing experience between first ladies and gentlemen, which was founded last week in Kyiv. The United States has the first lady's office, clear rules and regular work. Most countries do not have such functionality now. Your experience is valuable, it could be used in the future. Through the summit, we can spread this information and experience," the wife of the President of Ukraine added. ph President’s visit to the United States 31 August 2021 - 09:03 ph President’s visit to the United States 31 August 2021 - 09:03 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine