2 captures 02 Apr 2024 - 10 Oct 2025 Mar APR May 02 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240402202502/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-budemo-robiti-vse-shob-nablizhati-ukrayinu-do-chlenstva-v-89025 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The air defense systems available in the world cannot just gather dust somewhere in depots when they can save thousands of lives from Russian terror – address by the President 2 April 2024 - 19:56 View all videos n latest news Ukrainian and Swiss sides coordinated preparations for the Global Peace Summit 2 April 2024 - 20:20 The air defense systems available in the world cannot just gather dust somewhere in depots when they can save thousands of lives from Russian terror – address by the President 2 April 2024 - 19:55 President at the meeting with representatives of Protestant and Roman Catholic churches: The Church has influence on society and leaders, therefore, foreign dialogue is important 2 April 2024 - 17:41 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska visited the "Alla Horska. Boryviter" exhibition in Kyiv 2 April 2024 - 15:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's meeting with representatives of Protestant and Roman Catholic churches 2 April 2024 - 16:34 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We will do everything to bring Ukraine closer to NATO membership – Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Munich Security Conference 17 February 2024 - 13:00 Ukraine's primary objective is to become a NATO member, and our country will do everything to move closer to membership in the Alliance and strengthen relations with its allies, especially in security and armaments. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his participation in the Ukraine in the World panel discussion at the Munich Security Conference. "What do we expect from the Alliance? The Vilnius Summit was important. We have started working. We have the Council, which is a real practical platform for discussion and assistance," the Head of State said, answering the questions of the panelists. Also, according to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, on the sidelines of the NATO Summit in Vilnius, the G7 discussed and adopted a Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine, which was joined by about 30 countries. And bilateral agreements on security commitments for Ukraine have already been signed with three states. So, as the President noted, the NATO Summit in Vilnius has yielded a positive result for our country. "Specific weapons, specific money, specific deadlines. I think this is important," he added. As for the invitation to join the Alliance, the Head of State emphasized that this is Ukraine's primary objective. "Our goal is to be a member of NATO. I believe that we deserve it. We will do everything to bring Ukraine closer to the Alliance," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He noted that inviting Ukraine to join NATO is an allied decision, and not all leaders support it yet. Therefore, work will continue in this direction. "In any case, we expect to strengthen our relations, especially in terms of weapons. To be honest, arms packages, air defense packages are probably the most important thing for us today. Especially from those states that are hesitant to invite us to NATO," the President of Ukraine said. ph President's participation in the 60th Munich Security Conference 17 February 2024 - 13:53 ph President's participation in the 60th Munich Security Conference 17 February 2024 - 13:53 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine