1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022916/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=16 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a video call with the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy 25 May 2023 - 11:05 The parties discussed in detail the plans to implement the agreements reached by the Head of State and Prime Minister of Italy Giorgia Meloni. Iuliia Sokolovska met with representatives of the Embassy of Switzerland 23 May 2023 - 19:09 The participants of the meeting discussed assistance to Ukraine in the creation and development of registries and exchange of information on abused/deported Ukrainian children. Andriy Yermak met with Jake Sullivan in Hiroshima 21 May 2023 - 11:54 During his visit to Japan as a member of the official Ukrainian delegation, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan on the instruction of the Head of State. Andriy Smyrnov meets with representatives of International Commission on Missing Persons 19 May 2023 - 18:59 The meeting participants discussed cooperation and preparation for launching the program of the International Commission in Ukraine. Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Foreign Policy Secretary of the President of Bulgaria 19 May 2023 - 12:53 During the conversation, Ihor Zhovkva briefed his colleague on the current situation on the frontline, in particular in the context of the recent missile attacks on Kyiv and other regions of the country by the Russian aggressor. The Arab world should know the truth about Russia's war against Ukraine - Andriy Yermak in an interview with AlHadath TV channel 18 May 2023 - 20:27 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak said that our country would welcome the participation of Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries in the upcoming peace summit. He said this in an interview with AlHadath TV channel (Saudi Arabia). Ihor Zhovkva met with Director General of the Geneva Chamber of Commerce Vincent Subilia 18 May 2023 - 19:34 The main topic of the meeting was the involvement of the Geneva Chamber of Commerce and its members in the economic recovery of Ukraine, in particular in the context of the Fast Recovery Plan and preparations for the International Conference on Ukraine's Reconstruction in London in June 2023. The Office of the President held a briefing on the current security situation in Ukraine for the Chinese delegation headed by the Special Representative of the Chinese Government 18 May 2023 - 11:04 Pursuant to the President’s instruction, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a briefing on the current security situation in the country for the Chinese government delegation headed by Li Hui, Special Representative of the Chinese Government for Eurasian Affairs. As part of the ongoing dialogue with allies Andriy Yermak held a phone call with the Advisor to the U.S. President in Rome 14 May 2023 - 12:00 The American side was informed about the current situation on fighting the Russian invaders on the battlefield and the latest actions of the defense forces of Ukraine to de-occupy its territories. Roman Mashovets meets with delegation of Poland's Ministry of Foreign Affairs 13 May 2023 - 22:42 Polish diplomats were briefed in detail on the security situation in Ukraine and around our borders, about enemy air strikes on civil energy infrastructure facilities, in particular, with the use of foreign-made drones. 1 2 ... 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine