1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309040644/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=12 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – The agreement on a free trade area between Ukraine and Turkey is the result of three decades of cooperation and friendship between the two countries - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 February 2022 - 17:47 In the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, a Free Trade Agreement between Ukraine and Turkey was signed in Kyiv. Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Turkey, who is on an official visit to our country, began 3 February 2022 - 13:17 The heads of state will have a conversation in a vis-a-vis format. After that, the tenth meeting of the High-Level Strategic Council between Ukraine and the Republic of Turkey will take place under the chairmanship of Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Head of State: We have stabilized the national currency, hryvnia is strengthening 2 February 2022 - 16:05 Due to the balanced steps inside Ukraine, as well as the support of foreign leaders, it was possible to stabilize the hryvnia exchange rate despite the information background around our country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy when answering questions from journalists following the talks with Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte in Kyiv. Ukraine is interested in involving the Netherlands in the project to build hospitals and rehabilitation centers for veterans - President 2 February 2022 - 15:51 Ukraine is interested in involving the Netherlands in the modernization of Ukrainian hospitals and the improvement of medical services. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with the media following the talks with Prime Minister of the Kingdom of the Netherlands Mark Rutte in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: There are many new pages of success in the partnership between Ukraine and the Netherlands 2 February 2022 - 15:34 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the Kingdom of the Netherlands Mark Rutte discussed in detail concrete steps to de-escalate the situation around Ukraine's borders and achieve a peaceful settlement. This was announced by the President of Ukraine during a conversation with media representatives following the talks in Kyiv. Joint Statement of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the Kingdom of the Netherlands Mark Rutte 2 February 2022 - 13:33 The two leaders reiterated their commitment to maintaining pressure on Russia to end the temporary occupation by Russia of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol, including in the format of the International Crimea Platform. President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the Netherlands started a meeting in Kyiv 2 February 2022 - 11:41 After the talks, the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the Netherlands will meet with media representatives. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Russia's only truthful response on readiness for de-escalation is the withdrawal of troops from Ukrainian borders 1 February 2022 - 21:26 Russia must withdraw its troops from Ukraine's borders, which will be an important signal of de-escalation. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the meeting with the media following the talks with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson in Kyiv. Ukraine and Great Britain agreed to start talks on further trade liberalization: Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 February 2022 - 21:01 Ukraine invited the United Kingdom to join common mutually beneficial projects in the fields of infrastructure and energy. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following talks with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson in Kyiv. Ukraine is grateful to Great Britain for effective measures to deter Russia - President 1 February 2022 - 20:51 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the key issues in the talks with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson were the existing historical challenges facing the two countries, Europe and the whole world. 1 2 ... 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine