6 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 13 Aug 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233437/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-na-chergovij-zustrichi-z-poslami-obgovoriv-rea-85641 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discusses implementation of sixth point of Peace Formula regarding withdrawal of Russian troops from Ukraine at another meeting with ambassadors 15 September 2023 - 21:10 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held the eighth meeting with representatives of the diplomatic corps accredited in our country regarding the implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. The event was devoted to the implementation of the sixth point of the Formula "Withdrawal of Russian troops and cessation of hostilities." Representatives of over 70 foreign states participated in the discussion, which took place on the territory of the Antonov airport in Hostomel. Ambassadors and diplomatic representatives had the opportunity to familiarize themselves with the consequences of the attacks of the Russian troops on the airport, inspect the destruction of the office premises of the Antonov State Enterprise, hangars, and see with their own eyes the hangar and the remains of the legendary An-225 Mriya aircraft. Congratulating those present, Yermak emphasized that the sixth point of the Peace Formula is being discussed in the place where one of the most important battles of this war took place in the first days of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine – the battle for Kyiv. "On February 24 last year, the battle for the capital of Ukraine began here. Here the myth about the invincibility of the Russian army was shattered. Here, the Kremlin's ambitions to "take Kyiv in three days" were dispelled. And here, during five weeks of occupation, the "Russian peace" showed its true essence: robbery, torture, mass murders," the head of the Office of the President said. He said that thanks to Ukrainian warriors, this place became truly heroic. "We had a unique "Mriya." It evoked wonder and admiration from the entire world. It brought goodness, delivered goods to the most remote corners of the planet. The aggressor destroyed this Ukraine's symbol. But even its remnants, which you see here, have become a new symbol of our resistance. And I am confident that in the future they will become a symbol of recovery," Yermak added. At the same time, the head of the President's Office said: with the loss of the "Mriya," Ukrainians have achieved a goal – a just and lasting peace, which, according to Yermak, is possible only when Ukraine's independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity is restored and the armed formations of the aggressor are withdrawn from our territory. The head of the President's Office emphasized: the withdrawal of troops is a mandatory condition for peace, and any other options are unacceptable, as they can lead to a prolongation of the war. "Since 2014, Russia has been using the temporarily occupied territories to expand its aggression against Ukraine, causing severe humanitarian consequences and civilian casualties, massive migration flows and artificially altering the national and ethnic composition of these territories. Therefore, ceasing fire and freezing the conflict without the liberation of all Ukrainian territories is an obviously unacceptable scenario. It will only contribute to the preservation of the criminal regime in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine and create conditions for the continuation of the war," he said. The head of the Office of the President also said that the defense forces will continue to do everything to knock out the aggressor from Ukraine, and the success of our fighters is the key factor in restoring the territorial integrity of the state. "Restoring Ukraine's territorial integrity without turning the war into a frozen conflict will determine global security for decades to come. This can serve as a universal mechanism for ending international armed conflicts in the future. The relevant instruments implemented in the context of the war in Ukraine can potentially become universal and be reflected in United Nations General Assembly resolutions," Yermak is convinced. He urged those present to work on these mechanisms and noted that he expects fruitful results from today's meeting. A briefing was also held for representatives of the diplomatic corps. In particular, a representative of the Defense Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense spoke about the defense of Hostomel and the impact of these events on the further success of defending the Ukrainian capital. Deputy Head of the President's Office Roman Mashovets informed about the current situation at the front, namely about the counteroffensive actions of the defense forces in each of the operational directions. Minister of Defense of Ukraine Rustem Umerov focused the attention of the participants on the specifics of the military and political aspects of the implementation of the Peace Formula. Lieutenant General Oleksandr Pavliuk familiarized the event participants with the details of the operation of the newly created working group, responsible for the implementation of the sixth point of the Peace Formula "Withdrawal of Russian troops and cessation of hostilities." Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov outlined the key aspects of the global context of Russia's war against Ukraine. The Ukrainian side called on representatives of foreign states not only to work together to end the war in our country, but also to join forces to create new security mechanisms. The need for further support for the Ukrainian military, strengthening our air defense and creating conditions for Ukrainian dominance in the sky was also emphasized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine