11 captures 28 Apr 2024 - 03 Jan 2026 Mar APR May 28 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240428185126/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bezpekova-situaciya-v-zoni-vidchuzhennya-ta-slavutichi-prezi-90577 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In June the Path to a Just Peace Can Begin – Address by the President 28 April 2024 - 18:31 View all videos n latest news In June the Path to a Just Peace Can Begin – Address by the President 28 April 2024 - 18:25 Ukraine Needs at Least 7 Patriot Systems – Address by the President 27 April 2024 - 19:53 Olena Zelenska: "It is about Creating a Better Ukrainian Society, Where Every Child Has a Family and Warmth" 27 April 2024 - 17:24 Court Staffing: An Issue That Requires New Approaches – Iryna Mudra 27 April 2024 - 12:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Slavutych 26 April 2024 - 17:19 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Security Situation in the Exclusion Zone and Slavutych: The President Held a Meeting 26 April 2024 - 18:49 During his working visit to Slavutych, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the security situation and prospects for the development of the city and the exclusion zone. The Interior Minister, Ihor Klymenko, and the Commander of the National Guard of Ukraine, Oleksandr Pivnenko, reported on the defense and protection measures for the Chornobyl NPP and Slavutych, and on the construction of fortifications. The Head of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine, Serhiy Deyneko, informed about the state border protection near the Chornobyl nuclear power plant and the city. The Head of the Main Directorate of the Security Service of Ukraine in Kyiv and Kyiv region, Artem Bondarenko, spoke about the counterintelligence activities in the region. The mayor of Slavutych, Yuriy Fomichev, drew attention to the logistical problem: because of the destroyed bridge crossings and the inability to use old railroad connections, Chornobyl NPP personnel have to spend up to six hours getting to work. The Head of State tasked Oleksandr Kubrakov, Deputy Prime Minister for Restoration of Ukraine – Minister for Communities, Territories and Infrastructure Development, to address the issue of direct train connection between Slavutych and Kyiv, without a stopover in Chernihiv. The Minister of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources, Ruslan Strilets, briefed on the implementation of the government-approved exclusion zone development strategy. It is aimed, in particular, at developing wind and solar energy. Ruslan Strilets noted that agreements have already been reached with a German company and a British one to implement these projects. He added that the Chornobyl NPP lost UAH 3 billion due to the occupation by the Russian invaders. The state is now actively engaging donors for assistance. 19 countries have already contributed to the special fund, and the total contribution amount has reached EUR 14 million and will increase by the end of the year. The funds will be used to improve equipment and working conditions and to purchase the necessary machinery. The parties also discussed the arrangement of school shelters and the development and support for business. In addition, the President assigned the Minister of Health Viktor Liashko to elaborate a strategy for the local hospital development given the new circumstances and to improve the material and technical base of the institution accordingly. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Slavutych 26 April 2024 - 17:19 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Slavutych 26 April 2024 - 17:19 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine