1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033045/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=66 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Every doubt in Europe is a trench that Russia will definitely try to occupy – speech by the President of Ukraine at the second meeting of the European Political Community 1 June 2023 - 15:45 As much as we can reject doubts, we can reject the evil of aggression. In the framework of the European Political Community Summit, President of Ukraine met with the President of the European Commission 1 June 2023 - 14:59 The leaders discussed concrete ways to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula and consolidate global support for Ukraine's peace initiative. Joint statement on International Children's Day by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President Ursula von der Leyen 1 June 2023 - 14:21 On the occasion of the International Children's Day on 1 June, President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, and President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, met on the sidelines of the Second meeting of the European Political Community, and issued the following joint statement. President of Ukraine held a joint meeting with Prime Ministers of Albania and North Macedonia 1 June 2023 - 13:55 The President expressed gratitude to the leaders of the Balkan countries for their consistent comprehensive support of Ukraine and practical assistance in the fight against Russian aggression, as well as in the realization of European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations of our state. In the framework of the Summit of the European Political Community, the President of Ukraine met with the President and the Prime Minister of Moldova 1 June 2023 - 13:06 According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, he discussed with Maia Sandu the issues of bilateral relations, some infrastructure projects that are a priority for implementation in the near future, as well as the European future of the two countries. The world is aware of a fundamental role of our maritime grain exports for food security - address by the President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 May 2023 - 22:53 I thank everyone in the world who helps us increase the security space in the Black Sea, who puts pressure on Russia to unblock food supplies. In Odesa region, the Head of State visited wounded defenders of Ukraine in the hospital and presented state awards to the military and medical personnel 31 May 2023 - 19:54 During his working visit to Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the hospital of the Armed Forces of Ukraine wounded in the fighting with the Russian occupiers, particularly in the Bakhmut sector. In Odesa region, the President introduced the new Head of the RSA and held a meeting on the situation in the region 31 May 2023 - 18:22 Volodymyr Zelenskyy also heard information from the relevant leaders on the activity maintenance of Odesa region and the city of Odesa, as well as the operational and criminogenic situation in the region. Russia kills and injures Ukrainian children, children's lives and destinies are broken or destroyed – Daria Herasymchuk 31 May 2023 - 13:58 Advisor – President's Commissioner for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk on the eve of Children's Day highlighted Russia's violations of children's fundamental rights. All 462 days we’ve been fighting for our future, hence, for our children, for their freedom and their destiny - speech by the President of Ukraine at "UA: War. Unsung Lullaby" conference on the occasion of the International Children's Day 31 May 2023 - 12:58 We are fighting together for children - for all children, for all future generations, for their rights and liberties. What we call "tomorrow" is what we want to build and pass on. 1 2 ... 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine