1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071723/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=49 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – In the Zhytomyr region, the President watched the demonstration actions of the SOF of the Armed Forces of Ukraine on airdrop mission, capturing the enemy and evacuation 29 July 2021 - 13:58 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the training ground of the Special Operations Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in the Zhytomyr region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The advantage of the SOF is not in quantity, but in quality and high level of knowledge and skills multiplied by patriotism 29 July 2021 - 13:50 During a working trip to the Zhytomyr region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the occasion of the Day of Special Operations Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, which is marked annually on July 29. The Head of State also introduced the newly appointed military commanders. President signed laws on national resistance and increasing the number of the Armed Forces 29 July 2021 - 12:03 In the Zhytomyr region, during the events on the occasion of the Day of Special Operations Forces, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed the laws "On the Fundamentals of National Resistance" and “On Amendments to the Law "On the Number of the Armed Forces of Ukraine". President arrived in the Zhytomyr region to take part in the events dedicated to the Day of Special Operations Forces 29 July 2021 - 11:01 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is on a working trip to the Zhytomyr region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Kristalina Georgieva 28 July 2021 - 23:41 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Kristalina Georgieva for supporting Ukraine in the difficult year of the pandemic: "The $ 2.1 billion tranche we received helped us support people, SMEs, our medical industry during several lockdown periods". Regarding the change of the Chief of the General Staff of the AFU, the Commander of the Air Assault Troops of the AFU and the Commander of the JFO 28 July 2021 - 21:11 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has decided to change the Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, the Commander of the Air Assault Troops of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the Commander of the Joint Forces Operation. Accordingly, Serhiy Korniychuk, Yevhen Moysiuk and Volodymyr Kravchenko have been dismissed. Serhiy Shaptala has been appointed Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, and Oleksandr Pavliuk has been appointed Commander of the Joint Forces Operation. Head of State: I believe that today Ukraine is ready to receive the next IMF tranche 28 July 2021 - 13:54 Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that almost all structural beacons were fulfilled by the Ukrainian state. There are still some specific things related to the state budget that need to be agreed at the middle level of the negotiators. The issue of tariffs for the population will be considered at the next meeting of the National Security and Defense Council - President 28 July 2021 - 13:14 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy addressed the National Security and Defense Council with an initiative to consider the issue of electricity and gas tariffs for the population at the next meeting. The President made this statement during an interview in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Decentralization", which is taking place in Kyiv. Settling the issue of Donbas depends not on decentralization, but on the desire of Russia and pressure of Ukraine’ international partners on it - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 July 2021 - 12:18 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy believes that the issue of ending the war in Donbas and returning the temporarily occupied territories depends not on the reform of local self-government in Ukraine, but on the position of the Russian Federation and support for our state by international partners, including Normandy format participants. Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the All-Ukrainian Forum: Decentralization is one of the most successful reforms being implemented in Ukraine 28 July 2021 - 11:37 After the completion of the second stage of decentralization in Ukraine, it is necessary to conduct a detailed audit and correct mistakes and miscalculations. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Decentralization", which is taking place in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine