13 captures 03 Aug 2023 - 10 Dec 2025 Jul AUG Sep 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230803025042/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-zakarpatti-prezident-zustrivsya-z-ugorskoyu-gromadoyu-ta-84705 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Zakarpattia will be one of the drivers of development for the whole of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 21:35 View all videos n latest news President met with the Hungarian community in Zakarpattia and presented state awards to the warriors 2 August 2023 - 23:23 Olena Zelenska at the Conference of Ambassadors: Today, each of us is an ambassador of Ukraine and a defender of its interests 2 August 2023 - 21:50 Zakarpattia will be one of the drivers of development for the whole of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 21:33 President held a meeting on socio-economic and security situation in Zakarpattia region 2 August 2023 - 21:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zakarpattia 2 August 2023 - 16:49 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President met with the Hungarian community in Zakarpattia and presented state awards to the warriors 2 August 2023 - 23:23 During a working trip to Zakarpattia region, in the city of Berehove, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the Hungarian community and servicemen of the 128th separate mountain assault brigade of the operational command "West" of the Ground Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the 101st separate territorial defense brigade of the Regional Directorate "West" of the Territorial Defense Forces. The Head of State expressed gratitude to the Ukrainian military and all those who make people living in Zakarpattia and their children feel protected. The President and the participants of the meeting honored the memory of the heroes who gave their lives for this. "I am grateful that the warriors from Zakarpattia are fighting so heroically and effectively against the Russian occupiers for the sake of our country and our common freedom. They are fighting in different combat brigades. We are all citizens of Ukraine: ethnic Hungarians, ethnic Ukrainians, and all our other national communities. We all defend our country, we all help our warriors, all our heroes," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked for the caring attitude to the IDPs temporarily residing in Zakarpattia. "I am grateful to you and the whole of Zakarpattia for your respectful and caring attitude towards the IDPs. I listened to the report of the Head of the Regional Military Administration and I am very pleased with it. I know how much you have done for the people - it is admirable. I am very grateful that you have been so welcoming to all our people," the President said. The Head of State emphasized that the meeting with representatives of the Hungarian community of Ukraine was held in such a format for the first time. "We are meeting with you in this format for the first time - with representatives of the Hungarian community in Ukraine," he said. The President reminded that the work on the Ukrainian Doctrine, a fundamental document that will outline the key directions of transformation of our state, is underway. "This is the post-war transformation as well. The Ukrainian doctrine will cover absolutely every sphere of state life, every priority of Ukrainian society," Volodymyr Zelenskyy added. The President noted that he had presented the key directions of the Ukrainian Doctrine in his address to the Verkhovna Rada on the occasion of the Constitution Day. The Head of State emphasized that he counts on the participation of every community in the preparation of this doctrine. "The Ukrainian Doctrine should expand the freedom and opportunities of all people, all companies, all of Ukraine. And there will be a nationwide discussion on the doctrine, when every person, family, community will be able to add their proposals, their emphasis to the Ukrainian Doctrine. I am very interested in your team to start working on it, in particular, through the head of the regional administration," the President noted. The Head of State emphasized that the Russian aggressor poses a threat to all people who value freedom, peace and development. "Our common enemy does not organically perceive the idea of equality, respect, the idea of equal freedom for all people and for different communities. There, in their sick minds, someone always has to be superior to another. Someone conquers someone, someone is enslaved. And this is always the balance in their historical essence, in the sense of their approach to people. This is their system. This has already happened in our common history - the history of Ukraine, our common European history. Their system brought slavery and suffering to the peoples of this part of Europe - Ukrainians, Hungarians, Poles, Czechs, and everyone else. This time, the victory of Ukraine will save absolutely everyone in Europe thanks to the fortitude of our heroes," the Head of State is convinced. Mayor of Berehove Zoltan Babyak recalled that Volodymyr Zelenskyy used Hungarian in his New Year's address. "You are the first President of Ukraine to use our native language in an address. It was very nice to hear it! Thank you for finding the opportunity to meet with us," said the Mayor of Berehove. Member of the Zakarpattia Regional Council from the Party of Hungarians of Ukraine Judita Petei thanked the Head of State for the meeting and attention to Zakarpattia. "You came and showed us an honor we did not expect. You were able to come and feel this atmosphere. This gives us strength and we will continue our work. We are ready to help in whatever we can do," she said. The President thanked the Hungarian community for its activities during the full-scale Russian invasion. "Thank you for everything you are doing now, during such a challenge. It is very important. Thank you, take care of yourself. We have just started our dialogue. I am confident that we will deal with all the challenges. I wish you health and victory!" Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President presented the servicemen who attended the meeting with state awards: the Order "For Courage" of the III degree and medals "For Military Service to Ukraine" and "To the Defender of the Homeland". ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zakarpattia 2 August 2023 - 16:49 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zakarpattia 2 August 2023 - 16:49 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine