2 captures 09 Aug 2023 - 25 Jul 2025 Jul AUG Sep 09 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230809220045/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nastupna-zustrich-radnikiv-lideriv-derzhav-shodo-realizaciyi-84629?utm_source=Daily%20on%20Defense%20(07312023)_07/31/2023&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_campaign=WEX_Daily%20on%20Defense&amp;rid=84648&amp;env=d604bd370026bbf893a0b2e80f4f87535c3b521026e57ee1022eef29d9f1166a Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The task of everyone in Ukraine is to increase the potential of our capabilities at the front and weaken the occupiers - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 August 2023 - 22:36 View all videos n latest news The task of everyone in Ukraine is to increase the potential of our capabilities at the front and weaken the occupiers - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 August 2023 - 22:34 Step by step, we are making de-occupation of Crimea more and more achievable and well-thought-out - address by the President of Ukraine 8 August 2023 - 22:43 President on the occasion of the Day of the Signal Troops: Every victory over Russian invaders includes success of our signallers 8 August 2023 - 17:28 Olena Zelenska: Where our partners use the word "long", we need the word "faster" 8 August 2023 - 16:59 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards on the Day of the Signal Troops of the AFU 8 August 2023 - 16:55 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The next meeting of advisors to state leaders on the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula will be held in Saudi Arabia shortly - Andriy Yermak 30 July 2023 - 17:59 The next meeting of national security advisors and political advisors to state leaders on the implementation of Ukraine's initiatives to restore lasting and just peace will be held in Saudi Arabia shortly. This was announced by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak in his speech at a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine held in Ivano-Frankivsk. "The Ukrainian Peace Formula contains ten fundamental points, the implementation of which will not only ensure peace for Ukraine, but also create mechanisms to counter future conflicts in the world," said Andriy Yermak. According to him, each point of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula is currently being discussed individually and in groups with representatives of more than 50 countries on an almost weekly basis. "We are deeply convinced that the Ukrainian peace plan should be taken as a basis, because the war is taking place on our land. At the same time, in the process of consultations with all stakeholders, we seek to take into account opinions and positions that do not contradict the key principles of international law and the provisions of the UN Charter," Andriy Yermak emphasized, speaking about this area of our state's work. He emphasized that in order to implement Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula, the Ukrainian side uses a three-phase structure. The first phase is meetings with ambassadors accredited to Ukraine, which are devoted to a detailed consideration of each of the points of the Formula. Second phase - Ukraine initiates meetings of national security advisors to find optimal wording and mechanisms for implementing the Ukrainian peace plan. "We organized the first such meeting in partnership with our Danish colleagues. It was held in Copenhagen in June. The next meeting will take place soon and will be hosted by a Saudi city. We thank both kingdoms for their leadership and strong support of Ukrainian initiatives," the Head of the Presidential Office said. As emphasized by Andriy Yermak, Ukraine seeks to involve as many countries as possible that respect international law and the UN Charter. "President Zelenskyy said that our choice is to unite the world around Ukraine. The evidence of this choice is clear: we are engaging countries from the West, East, North and South," he added. According to the Head of the President's Office, the third phase of the Peace Formula approval will be an inaugural global summit at the level of heads of state, which may take place by the end of the year. ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Ivano-Frankivsk region 30 July 2023 - 15:11 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Ivano-Frankivsk region 30 July 2023 - 15:11 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine