1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233413/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=180 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy introduced new Governor of the National Bank Andriy Pyshnyy to the team 10 October 2022 - 19:13 The President noted that he counts on the productive work of a united team of the government and the National Bank, on maintaining and strengthening the current level of relations with international financial institutions. The U.S. stands in solidarity with Ukraine and condemns the crimes of the Russian aggressor – meeting of the President and the Head of the Presidential Office with the U.S. Ambassador 10 October 2022 - 18:03 Bridget Brink emphasized that the United States strongly condemns Russia’s attacks on the infrastructure facilities of Ukraine and is committed to holding Russia accountable for war crimes and atrocities committed in Ukraine. President held a meeting on the restoration of communications and energy supply damaged by Russian attacks 10 October 2022 - 16:42 The Head of State heard the report by Minister of Energy of Ukraine Herman Halushchenko on the damage caused to the Ukrainian infrastructure by air attacks of the Russian Federation. We are Ukrainians, we help each other, we believe in ourselves, we restore the destroyed - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 October 2022 - 11:09 Please stay in shelters today. Always follow the safety rules. The constant terror against the civilian population is an obvious Russian refusal to engage in real negotiations - address by the President of Ukraine 9 October 2022 - 22:14 Terrorism at the state level is one of the most heinous international crimes, which threatens not just someone in the world, but the entire international community. If occupiers flee, this will be the best option for them – address of President of Ukraine 8 October 2022 - 21:25 Our future is sunny. This is a future without occupiers. Throughout our territory, in particular in Crimea. We must strengthen our alliances and cooperation, we must get rid of all types of dependence on Russia - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the 2BS FORUM in Montenegro 8 October 2022 - 15:27 Russia's war against Ukraine is only a harbinger of what can await any state on our continent or in other parts of the world that this aggressor can reach. And I am grateful to everyone who understands the meaning of Russian aggression and helps us - us as ourselves. We must de-occupy all lands that Russia is trying to keep for itself – address of President of Ukraine 7 October 2022 - 21:26 The UN Charter and the entire complex of treaties and conventions on which the international legal order is based will work only when the occupiers lose and the nations in the world are protected from any occupations. Andriy Yermak discusses security assistance to Ukraine with chair of Bundestag defense committee 7 October 2022 - 19:45 The main topics of the negotiations were: the need for the strongest possible international reaction to Russia's illegal attempts to annex Ukrainian territories, as well as ways to strengthen defense assistance to our state from Germany. We must never stop defending freedom and democracy - speech of the President of Ukraine at the European Council meeting 7 October 2022 - 14:44 Russia just wants to save time. Wants to regroup forces. And accumulate resources. To strike again. We have to stop it from doing that. 1 2 ... 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine