8 captures 04 Dec 2022 - 13 Nov 2025 Nov DEC Jan 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221204153523/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:10 View all videos pg Photo gallery President met with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity 2 December 2022 - 21:31 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – It is necessary to strengthen cooperation with international partners regarding the creation of a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine - Andriy Yermak at a meeting of the working group 22 November 2022 - 22:38 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. After implementing the recommendations of the European Commission, we expect a proper assessment of Ukraine's progress by the European Union - Ihor Zhovkva 22 November 2022 - 20:51 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a call with European Policy Advisor to the Federal Chancellor of Germany Undine Ruge. Aid to Ukraine today is not just a matter of equipment, it is protection against terror - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the 104th Congress of Mayors and Heads of Municipalities of France 22 November 2022 - 18:50 I urge you to be very specific as well! Specific in help. And to support the protection of our cities and communities against terror. Together we can definitely do it. Olena Zelenska held a meeting with Hans Kluge, WHO Regional Director for Europe 22 November 2022 - 16:39 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with WHO Regional Director for Europe Hans Kluge. The parties discussed, in particular, the course of creation of the National Program of Mental Health and Psychosocial Support in Ukraine, which was initiated by the President's wife. President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 22 November 2022 - 12:40 The participants of the meeting listened to the reports of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the commanders of the troops of strategic directions regarding the situation on the frontline, in particular in the hottest areas of the front. Staff members also considered the issue of providing units of the defense forces with the necessary weapons and equipment. According to the agreements between the first ladies of Ukraine and Türkiye, the Odesa children's home was evacuated to Ankara 22 November 2022 - 12:29 34 fosterlings of Odesa children's home № 3 "Sonechko" along with their accompanying persons and their children (70 people in total) were evacuated to the Turkish city of Ankara the other day, where they will stay until the situation in Ukraine stabilizes. This became possible thanks to the agreements between First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska and First Lady of the Republic of Türkiye Emine Erdoğan. We now have a historic opportunity to protect the Ukrainian freedom once and for all - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 November 2022 - 22:10 Thousands of Ukrainian men and women died fighting for our country. We should always remember them. We must always honor their courage and self-sacrifice. A plaque dedicated to philanthropist José Andrés appeared on the Walk of the Brave 21 November 2022 - 17:30 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented founder of World Central Kitchen charity organization José Andrés a plaque with his name, which was unveiled on the Walk of the Brave on Constitution Square in Kyiv. We must remain principled in countering Russian aggression, joint action is true peacekeeping - speech by the President of Ukraine at the annual session of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly 21 November 2022 - 16:53 Ukrainians do not just believe - Ukrainians are sure that we can defend ourselves in this war and return the borders of a united Europe to the entire length of our eastern and southern borders. On the occasion of the Day of Dignity and Freedom and the Day of Airborne Assault Troops, the President presented state awards to military and civilians 21 November 2022 - 16:31 "Today we mark two holidays united by the bravery and freedom-loving nature of Ukrainians. And today I have an honor to present state awards to those whose bravery really protects the freedom of Ukraine and whose help in the defense of Ukraine is really worthy of mention in the history textbooks of our country," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting in the White Hall of Heroes of Ukraine in the Mariyinsky Palace. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 166 167 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine