7 captures 23 Jan 2024 - 20 Jun 2025 Dec JAN Feb 23 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Media Cloud Outlinks A longitudinal web archival collection based on URIs from the daily feed of Media Cloud that maps news media coverage of current events. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240123081453/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/litovska-pidtrimka-ukrayini-dodaye-nam-sili-volodimir-zelens-88205 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Necessary groundwork must be done to ensure that all complications between government officials, business, and law enforcers are resolved – address by the President of Ukraine 22 January 2024 - 21:11 View all videos n latest news Ukraina i Polska mogą być wolne tylko razem, і to jest zasadniczy przejaw jedności, którego potrzebuje teraz cała Europa – przemówienie Prezydenta Wołodymyra Zełenskiego 22 January 2024 - 22:05 Necessary groundwork must be done to ensure that all complications between government officials, business, and law enforcers are resolved – address by the President of Ukraine 22 January 2024 - 21:05 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Donald Tusk talked to students of Ukrainian universities 22 January 2024 - 19:44 The clauses contained in the G7 Vilnius Declaration will be further elaborated in bilateral security agreements – Andriy Yermak 22 January 2024 - 18:48 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards on Unity Day of Ukraine 22 January 2024 - 18:49 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Lithuanian support for Ukraine gives us strength – Volodymyr Zelenskyy following talks with Gitanas Nausėda in Vilnius 10 January 2024 - 16:39 During his official visit to the Republic of Lithuania, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda. The parties discussed topics important for the security and development of the two nations, as well as for relations with other countries of the free world. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that his first foreign visit in the year 2024 was to friendly Lithuania, and it was a visit of gratitude and shared confidence of the nations bordering Russia. "The principal thing our negotiations have always been based on is confidence. We will be able to defend our independence. We will be able to secure our statehood. We stand together and maintain our unity. And every manifestation of support for Ukraine is also, ultimately, support for Lithuania, Estonia, Latvia, Poland, and every state that is and will be independent despite any ambitions of Russia," the President of Ukraine emphasized during a meeting with media representatives following the talks with President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda in Vilnius and added that unity gives common strength. Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Gitanas Nausėda and the entire people of Lithuania on the upcoming Defenders of Freedom Day, celebrated on January 13. The Head of State emphasized that this year would be pivotal in many ways for Ukraine, Lithuania and all partners in the free world. Therefore, this year, decisions must be passed in favor of freedom, integrity of our states, protection of our cultures and a just peace for every nation. "During the war, we have already proved that Russia can be stopped. We have proved that Russia can be pushed back. And now the task is to prove that we can claw back peace from Russia's hands for ourselves, the peace we want – a just peace – and security for our nations - the security we need, lasting security," he said. During the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed the President of Lithuania of the events at the front and thanked him for all the defense support provided. "In the very first days of our resistance to full-scale aggression, the weapons you provided stopped Russian convoys and destroyed the occupier. To this day, your support for our country is extremely significant. Weapons, equipment, powerful packages, training of our troops, Lithuanian leadership in the coalition on demining – all of this gives us strength," he emphasized. The Head of State also expressed gratitude for the new defense support package and joint production, in particular, of anti-drone equipment, on which the relevant documents were signed. "I am grateful to Mr. President personally and to the entire Lithuanian people for their unflagging support of Ukraine's path to the European Union. Similarly, we appreciate Lithuanian support for our path to NATO. The closer the Russian border is, the more obvious it is that Ukraine should be a member of the Alliance," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine also announced the start of work with Lithuania on a bilateral agreement on security commitments for our country, as envisaged by the Joint Declaration of the Group of Seven adopted in Vilnius. "The entire spectrum of our agreements is set forth in the Joint Statement with Mr. President," the Head of State noted. Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda assured of continued military, economic and political support for Ukraine until the war is won. "We have approved a €200 million package of long-term military assistance to Ukraine. In January, we will again send ammunition, generators, initiation systems to Ukraine, and in February, we will send M577 armored vehicles. We will train Ukrainian soldiers and enhance cooperation in the defense industry," he said. According to Gitanas Nausėda, the agreements signed today between representatives of the Ukrainian and Lithuanian defense industries are another example of close military cooperation between the countries. He also emphasized the need to ensure the uninterrupted long-term support for Ukraine by its allies and partners. According to the President of Lithuania, the European defense industry as a whole must be stepped up, expedited and adequately respond to the challenging security situation. v Videos ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania 10 January 2024 - 13:34 ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania 10 January 2024 - 13:34 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine