4 captures 10 Jul 2019 - 26 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220326151748/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/predstavnik-prezidenta-v-kabmini-andrij-gerus-rozpoviv-yak-b-55865 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos By restraining Russian actions, our defenders are leading the Russian leadership to the idea: talk is necessary - address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 March 2022 - 22:23 View all videos n latest news Today, ten humanitarian corridors have been agreed in the Kyiv, Luhansk and Donetsk regions - Iryna Vereshchuk 26 March 2022 - 12:52 Volodymyr Zelenskyy at Doha Forum – 2022: Europe's refusal to purchase Russian oil and gas is only a matter of time, so it is necessary to increase energy production in the world 26 March 2022 - 12:14 The construction of temporary housing is envisaged within the new program of support for IDPs - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 March 2022 - 23:05 Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during the participation in the video meeting of the Atlantic Council 25 March 2022 - 22:27 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Speakers of the Parliaments of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia 25 March 2022 - 08:42 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Representative of the President in the Cabinet of Ministers Andriy Gerus told how the order with tariffs will be restored 12 June 2019 - 17:30 The restoration of order with tariffs is in process, however, an efficient parliament and new laws are required for certain changes. It was stated by Representative of the President in the Cabinet of Ministers Andriy Gerus on his Facebook page. He stressed that Volodymyr Zelenskyy had already convened two meetings on the possibility of lowering tariffs for the population. "However, this should not cause devaluation, additional inflation or economic crisis. The work on this is in progress. Some changes require an efficient parliament and new laws," Andriy Gerus said. According to him, a comprehensive plan for addressing this issue will include several items. In particular, this is a reduction in tariffs where it can be done without negative side effects, demonopolization of energy markets. In addition, it is necessary to increase gas production by attracting foreign investors for this purpose. Refusal of imported gas will make it possible to reduce the price by 20-30%. It is also about revision of the rules for granting subsidies, since some categories of people were deprived of them unfairly. "In order to have money in the budget for subsidies, we will have to deprive some oligarchs of tax benefits and preferences," Andriy Gerus said. He also stressed the importance of energy efficiency and thermal modernization of housing stock. After all, the lower the energy consumption, the lower the cost of the services provided. In addition, according to the Representative of the President in the Cabinet of Ministers, the growth of income of population will reduce the severity of the tariff issue for households. "Restraining tariff growth is important, and this work is both public and non-public. In particular, recently there was information that the regulator considered the possibility to raise gas tariffs for the population starting from July 1 by 10-15% and electricity tariffs - by 150%. We believe this can’t be done without trust and understanding of society. Before doing this, we need to demonstrate strict and fair actions of regulators as regards energy monopolies and show that there is liability for stealing tariff funds. As far as I understand, our opinion was taken into account," Andriy Gerus emphasized. He also apologized for his unfortunate phrase that Volodymyr Zelenskyy joked about the reduction of tariffs. "This is the result of lacking political experience, in particular in dealing with journalists. Of course, tariffs are a sensitive issue, which is not appropriate for jokes or frivolous comments," the Representative of the President in the Cabinet of Ministers noted. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine