6 captures 31 Dec 2022 - 18 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022857/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-proviv-zustrich-iz-delegaciyeyu-ministerstva-za-79993 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Germany 21 December 2022 - 19:28 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Germany headed by Minister of State Tobias Lindner. Ihor Zhovkva thanked Tobias Lindner for his significant personal efforts to restore historical justice and achieve the German Bundestag’s recognition of the Holodomor of 1932-1933 in Ukraine as a genocide of the Ukrainian people. This decision of the German Parliament is, without exaggeration, historic. The Minister of State emphasized that the German Bundestag has adopted a similar decision for the second time in its history. The Deputy Head of the President's Office noted the important role of Germany in bringing the joint victory over Russian terror closer. Modalities of expanding defense support from Germany were discussed, which, among other things, will make possible further successful counteroffensive operations of Ukraine and the restoration of its internationally recognized borders. The parties separately focused on options for instrumentalizing the Ukrainian Peace Formula, presented by the President of Ukraine at the summit of the G20 states. "The seizure of nuclear power plants, the blocking of grain transportation to third countries, the destruction of energy infrastructure facilities, and ecocide are also acts of aggression to which the international community must respond appropriately. We expect that Germany will assume the status of a leader in the implementation of one of the points of the Peace Formula proposed by us, which is the concept of guaranteeing security in the world in general," Ihor Zhovkva emphasized. In this context, the parties exchanged views on Ukraine's future membership in the North Atlantic Alliance, in particular, discussed the provision of effective security guarantees to our country until the completion of the procedure of full integration into the Euro-Atlantic community. Ukraine's successes in European integration were noted separately. "Ukraine has come as close as possible to completing the implementation of the seven recommendations of the European Commission and is doing everything possible to complete this process as quickly and qualitatively as possible. We expect the evaluation of our progress already in the spring of next year. We are grateful that Germany shares the need to make it public in this period," said the Deputy Head of the President's Office. The interlocutors also touched upon the issue of creating a special tribunal for Russia's war crimes against Ukraine. "We count on Germany's support for this initiative, which is important from the point of view of global security," noted Ihor Zhovkva. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President also thanked Germany for supporting the recent decisions of the European Union, in particular regarding the introduction of the ninth package of sanctions against the aggressor state and the provision of important macro-financial assistance to Ukraine in the amount of 18 billion euros for 2023. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine