1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022858/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=27 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak and representatives of the European Commission discussed the issue of strengthening sanctions policy against the Russian aggressor 3 February 2023 - 11:37 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Head of Cabinet of the President of the European Commission Bjoern Seibert and Diplomatic Advisor to the President of the European Commission Fernando Andresen Guimarães. Tax reform will eliminate corruption in this area and improve business conditions - Rostyslav Shurma 2 February 2023 - 20:24 The tax reform being worked on by the Office of the President of Ukraine will eliminate corruption in the tax sphere and level the playing field for all market participants. This was stated by Rostyslav Shurma, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, speaking at the Global Outlook: Victory Mode conference, organized by the European Business Association. Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny had a phone call with Jake Sullivan and Mark Milley 2 February 2023 - 11:46 The interlocutors were briefed on the current situation on the frontline, particularly in the Donetsk and southern directions. In addition, the parties exchanged views on possible actions of the enemy in the near future. Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister of Italy 1 February 2023 - 20:44 The conversation was devoted to the discussion of topical issues in the context of preparations for the upcoming visit to Ukraine by Prime Minister of Italy Giorgia Meloni and its practical results. Ukraine today is the best imagemaker for NATO, and its membership will only strengthen the Alliance - Andriy Yermak during a conversation with members of the European Parliament 1 February 2023 - 12:25 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak took part in a joint meeting of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Subcommittee on Security and Defense of the European Parliament via video call. Andriy Yermak has conversation with representative of UK Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office supervising sanctions policy 27 January 2023 - 18:22 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a telephone call with Director General for Economics, Science and Technology at the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office of the United Kingdom Kumar Iyer. Andriy Yermak discussed support for Ukraine's Peace Formula with the ambassadors of the G7 and the EU 26 January 2023 - 22:27 As part of the regular dialogue, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7 countries and the Head of the Delegation of the European Union. Sweden's Presidency of the Council of the EU should lay the foundation for the start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU already this year - Ihor Zhovkva 26 January 2023 - 09:32 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva is on a working visit to the Kingdom of Sweden on January 25-26. Andriy Yermak introduced Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Oleksiy Kuleba to the RMA representatives 25 January 2023 - 21:01 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference meeting with representatives of regional military administrations, during which he introduced Deputy Head of the Office of the President Oleksiy Kuleba, who will be in charge of regional policy. Head of the Presidential Office had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 25 January 2023 - 16:14 The interlocutors discussed a number of topical issues in the context of deepening Ukraine-India cooperation in bilateral and multilateral formats. 1 2 ... 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine