8 captures 14 Aug 2022 - 23 Jun 2025 Jul AUG Sep 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220814191308/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-vidbuduvati-novu-ukrayinu-derzhavu-yaka-viborola-svoy-75745 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will do everything so that new sanctions against Russia block its nuclear industry – address of President of Ukraine 13 August 2022 - 21:59 View all videos n latest news We will do everything so that new sanctions against Russia block its nuclear industry – address of President of Ukraine 13 August 2022 - 21:56 Visa restrictions for Russian citizens fair, all defenders of European values should insist on them – address of President of Ukraine 12 August 2022 - 23:19 Head of state discusses bringing closer victory, development of Ukraine with active youth 12 August 2022 - 19:49 Ihor Zhovkva congratulated the Foreign Affairs Advisor to the Prime Minister of North Macedonia on the start of negotiations on the country's accession to the EU 12 August 2022 - 17:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of Youth Day 12 August 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We must rebuild a new Ukraine - a state that has gained its independence and future - President during a conversation with the student community of Great Britain 10 June 2022 - 23:19 The reconstruction of housing destroyed by the Russian occupiers should include not only the construction of new buildings, but also the construction of a new, modern Ukraine, which at a high price has gained its independence and the way to the future. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online conversation with students of universities in the UK. "I really want people to return to their native country, to their native streets, but to a slightly different Ukraine, which has already gained independence and a future for itself. I really want this future to be mentally not in Stalin's apartments, but in the independent Ukrainian space. And at the physical level there will be large construction and restoration of our state," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that it is planned to restore all residential buildings that were destroyed as a result of the Russian invasion, and such reconstruction will depend on global financial support. "Now is the moment of truth, now is the war. And when we win, we will build our new state, not forgetting our wonderful history and our traditions," the President said. The President stressed that building a new, modern state is impossible without the active participation of young people who will offer their vision of the future of Ukraine. "I can't build a comfortable state for you without you. I can build a state for all of us, for our generation, for the elderly. We can build a modern country, but it is impossible to build the future without the younger generation," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He noted that despite the modernity and creativity, the Ukrainian authorities cannot see tomorrow as young people can. "We cannot look ahead and see the future as transparently as you. Each generation is better than the previous one, more modern than the previous one. I can't offer you anything. I can help you realize your dreams and your Ukraine, your vision of the future," the President stressed. Students and professors from leading British universities, including the London School of Economics and Political Science, University of Birmingham, University of Cambridge, City, University of London, Coventry University, University of Glasgow, University of Manchester, University of Oxford, University College London, etc. took part in the meeting with Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Representatives of the British media were present at several universities. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine