99 captures 29 Sep 2022 - 03 Feb 2026 Aug SEP Oct 29 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Twitter Outlinks This is a Collection of URLs (and Outlinked URLs) extracted from a random feed of 1% of all Tweets. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220929193254/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/may-force-be-u-amerikanskij-aktor-mark-gemill-stav-ambasador-78141 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine to the indigenous peoples of Russia: Fight to avoid death, defend your freedom in the streets and squares 29 September 2022 - 20:25 View all videos n latest news May the Force Be With U: American Actor, Mark Hamill, Becomes the Ambassador for the UNITED24 Fundraising Platform 29 September 2022 - 21:34 Address by the President of Ukraine to the indigenous peoples of Russia: Fight to avoid death, defend your freedom in the streets and squares 29 September 2022 - 20:21 President met with the delegation of the National Assembly of France 29 September 2022 - 17:34 President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Italy 29 September 2022 - 15:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of the 81st anniversary of the Babyn Yar tragedy 29 September 2022 - 11:16 Go to all galleries Home News Current events May the Force Be With U: American Actor, Mark Hamill, Becomes the Ambassador for the UNITED24 Fundraising Platform 29 September 2022 - 21:34 Mark Hamill, known for playing the iconic hero Luke Skywalker, has become an ambassador for the UNITED24 fundraising platform. He will support the Army of Drones project. The new ambassador introduction took place during an online call with the President of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed his gratitude to Mark Hamill for supporting Ukrainian people since the beginning of the full-scale russian invasion of Ukraine. "The light will win over darkness. I believe in this, our people believe in this,” said the President. “Thank you for taking on this difficult mission of being the first ambassador to help Ukraine raise funds for the Army of Drones to support our defenders. It is really important!" Mark Hamill and Volodymyr Zelenskyy also discussed the actor's next steps in supporting UNITED24. "In this long and unequal fight, Ukraine needs continuous additional support. That's why I was honored President Zelenskyy asked me to become an ambassador for the Army of Drones," said Mark Hamill. " I know for certain that Ukrainians need drones to protect their land, their freedom and the values of the entire democratic world. Right now is the best time for everyone to come together and help Ukraine stand up in this war with the evil empire." The "Army of Drones" project is a complex program of the fundraising platform UNITED24, the General Staff of the Armed Forces, the Ministry of Digital Transformation and the State Special Communications Service, which provides for the regular procurement of drones, their repair and prompt replacement, as well as a pilot training. Thanks to the contributions to the Army of Drones, the Armed Forces of Ukraine have already received 986 UAVs. The total amount of purchases is 1,905,508,866 UAH. UNITED24 is a fundraising platform, initiated by the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy. It is the central venue for charitable donations in support of Ukraine. During the first four months of operation, UNITED24 collected more than 180 million dollars from citizens of 110 countries worldwide. Among UNITED24 ambassadors are famous athletes – Andriy Shevchenko and Elina Svitolina, the creative director of Balenciaga – Demna, American actor – Liev Schreiber, the band Imagine Dragons, the singer and actress Barbra Streisand. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine