14 captures 01 Feb 2022 - 16 Jul 2025 Jan FEB Mar 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220210150717/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/diplomatichna-pidtrimka-ukrayini-z-2014-roku-najbilsha-bezum-72637 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak arrived in Berlin to meet with diplomatic advisers to the Normandy format leaders 10 February 2022 - 14:21 President at a meeting with EBA members: The best thing business can do today is to keep working 10 February 2022 - 09:14 At the talks in Berlin, the Ukrainian side will seek to unblock the work of the TCG to promote the peace process - Andriy Yermak 9 February 2022 - 23:04 President of Ukraine met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the European Union and Cooperation of Spain 9 February 2022 - 15:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with EBA members 9 February 2022 - 19:00 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Diplomatic support for Ukraine since 2014 is the greatest, unconditional and ongoing - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 February 2022 - 11:51 Today, diplomatic support for Ukraine and the amount of military-technical assistance provided by partners are the largest since 2014. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his speech at the opening ceremony of the seventh session of the Verkhovna Rada of the IX convocation. The Head of State stressed that foreign support for Ukraine now unites almost the whole world, and Ukrainians must be united in domestic politics. The President said that last week he had talks with the leaders of the European Council, Lithuania, Azerbaijan, France and the United States, ambassadors of the G7, representatives of the UN, NATO, the EU, the IMF and the OSCE. "In total 80 representatives of foreign countries and international organizations. They are united in supporting our state," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Also, according to him, thanks to unity, the Normandy format was unblocked, which gave hope for de-escalation and peaceful settlement in Donbas. "For the first time since 2019, all four parties have agreed on a joint final statement. We are actively working to agree on the date of the next meeting of advisers in Berlin in the coming days, where, I hope, there will be an agreement on a meeting of the leaders of the Normandy Four,” said the President. He also reminded that with a view to continue the joint initiative with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda, a meeting of ministers of the two countries was held in Kyiv recently, during which mutually beneficial agreements were reached in trade, investment, transportation and transit of goods. The President added that the Prime Ministers of Great Britain, Poland, the Netherlands and the President of Turkey will arrive in Kyiv this week. "Such an intensity of visits is a serious factor in stabilization… No one decides our fate behind our backs - everyone comes to us. Our partners are ready to lend us a shoulder. This is very important, and we are grateful to our partners for that," the Head of State stressed. According to him, Ukraine, Great Britain and Poland are creating a new format of political cooperation in Europe. The signing of a Free Trade Agreement between Ukraine and Turkey is also being prepared. "Diplomatic support for Ukraine since 2014 is the greatest, unconditional and ongoing. Military-technical assistance to Ukraine since 2014 is the largest, invaluable and ongoing," Volodymyr Zelenskyy summed up. ph Participation in a solemn sitting on the occasion of the opening of the 7th session of the Verkhovna Rada of the IX convocation 1 February 2022 - 12:22 ph Participation in a solemn sitting on the occasion of the opening of the 7th session of the Verkhovna Rada of the IX convocation 1 February 2022 - 12:22 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine