1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224043810/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with Deputy Prime Minister - Minister of Finance of Canada Chrystia Freeland 12 November 2021 - 22:42 Andriy Yermak informed Chrystia Freeland about the development of the security situation in eastern Ukraine. "We are grateful for the consolidated support of the world community and Canada. We feel it," said the Head of the President's Office. Andriy Yermak and Dmytro Kuleba met with US Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Victoria Nuland 11 November 2021 - 15:56 Both parties praised the current level of strategic partnership, which was strengthened this year under the leadership of Presidents Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Joseph Biden. The Head of the President's Office and the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ukraine met with the US President's National Security Advisor Jacob Sullivan 11 November 2021 - 13:52 As part of a meeting of the Ukraine-US Strategic Partnership Commission in Washington, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak and Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba met with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jacob Sullivan. The Head of the Office of the President and the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ukraine met with the US Secretary of State 11 November 2021 - 08:11 As part of the Ukraine-US Strategic Partnership Commission meeting held in Washington on November 10, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba and Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak met with United States Secretary of State Antony Blinken. Deputy Head of the Office of the President had a phone conversation with the Director of the Diplomatic Cabinet of the Prime Minister of Greece 10 November 2021 - 19:29 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a telephone conversation with Director of the Diplomatic Cabinet of the Prime Minister of the Hellenic Republic Eleni Sourani. Ihor Zhovkva discussed topical issues of European and Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine with the Special Adviser to the Prime Minister of Croatia 10 November 2021 - 11:37 The parties focused on the latest steps of Ukraine towards European integration. In particular, Ihor Zhovkva informed his interlocutor of the practical results of the 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit held in Kyiv on October 12, as well as with the expectations of the Ukrainian side from the Eastern Partnership Summit scheduled for December 15 this year. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met in Washington with the Political Director at the FCDO and the Vice President at the US Institute of Peace 10 November 2021 - 08:07 On November 9, in Washington, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Political Director at the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office Sir Timothy Barrow and Vice President for Strategic Stability and Security at the US Institute of Peace, former US Ambassador to Ukraine William Taylor. Roman Mashovets and the Ambassador of Sweden discussed the security situation in the east and around Ukraine 8 November 2021 - 19:38 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets met with Ambassador of Sweden to Ukraine Tobias Thyberg and discussed the security situation in the east and around our country, as well as forecasts for its further development. The Normandy format is the only platform for negotiations on a peaceful settlement in Donbas: Press Secretary of the President 8 November 2021 - 18:30 The Normandy format is the only platform for negotiations on a peaceful settlement in eastern Ukraine, and the responsibility for delaying the progress of the negotiation process lies with the Russian party. This was emphasized by Press Secretary of the President of Ukraine Serhiy Nykyforov in a video commentary. Ihor Zhovkva in Bucharest discussed Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic prospects and the development of Ukrainian-Romanian relations 4 November 2021 - 19:56 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva, who was on a visit to Romania on November 3-4, held working consultations with State Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of this country Dănuţ-Sebastian Neculaescu. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 13 14 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine