11 captures 18 Jan 2022 - 15 Jan 2026 Jul AUG Sep 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230806193941/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/majzhe-100-tisyach-ukrayinciv-otrimali-busternu-dozu-vakcini-72413 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine needs strength and maximum focus on achieving victory - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 August 2023 - 20:21 View all videos n latest news Ukraine needs strength and maximum focus on achieving victory - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 August 2023 - 20:16 Andriy Yermak discussed topical issues of bilateral relations with the participants of the meeting on the implementation of the Peace Formula 6 August 2023 - 19:54 On the Day of the Air Force, Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed samples of weapons and military equipment of the Ukrainian defenders of the sky and talked to the warriors 6 August 2023 - 14:42 President on the occasion of the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine: Ukraine can fight and live because there are warriors who clear our skies of Russian evil 6 August 2023 - 14:31 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 6 August 2023 - 15:38 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Nearly 100,000 Ukrainians received booster shots of COVID-19 vaccine - meeting chaired by President 17 January 2022 - 15:27 Ukraine has only recently allowed a booster dose of COVID-19 vaccine, but almost 100,000 people have already received their third vaccination. This was discussed at a conference call on combating the spread of COVID-19 chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. In general, the rate of vaccination is increasing compared to the holiday week. According to the Ministry of Health, 552,000 people were vaccinated last week, and 29.37 million have been vaccinated since the start of the vaccination campaign. Vaccination covered 15 million Ukrainians, of whom 14.28 million received two doses. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed the importance of carrying out clear explanatory work among citizens on the need for booster vaccination. Today almost 100 thousand Ukrainians have received the third vaccination. Minister of Health Viktor Lyashko also said that mobile vaccination teams had started working in rural areas, and a modular vaccination center had been set up at the Stanytsia Luhanska checkpoint on the delimitation line. The Head of State noted that such a center should be set up at the Novotroitske checkpoint in the Donetsk region. At the same time, according to the Cabinet of Ministers, last week there was a sharp increase in the number of new patients with COVID-19 - the weekly number of detected cases has almost doubled: 55 thousand last week against 28 thousand the week before. The number of active patients increased to 105 thousand (from 93 thousand people a week earlier). Almost 11,000 citizens were hospitalized. Due to the excess of the number of identified patients, the Ivano-Frankivsk and Sumy regions are currently in the "orange" zone of epidemic danger. The rest of Ukraine's regions are in the "yellow" zone, the Cabinet of Ministers informed. According to the forecasts, a further increase in the number of sick is expected, just like in other countries, including European ones. In addition, government officials reported that the Cabinet of Ministers will soon decide on the possibility of using funds under the eSupport program by vaccinated persons over the age of 60. The Ministry of Education and Science has made proposals to extend the program to children aged 14-18. In particular, it will be possible to use these funds for extracurricular education. A decision on such an opportunity for children aged 12-14 is also being considered. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine