11 captures 31 Jul 2021 - 13 Jul 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224055210/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/persha-ledi-spilno-z-poslom-shveciyi-v-ukrayini-vidkrili-klu-69077 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife The First Lady together with the Ambassador of Sweden to Ukraine opened a club for responsible dads "TATO-Hub Poltava" and launched an audio guide in Swedish at the Museum of the Battle of Poltava 17 June 2021 - 13:31 President's wife Olena Zelenska together with Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Sweden to Ukraine Tobias Thyberg and Representative of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) to Ukraine Jaime Nadal opened a club for responsible dads "TATO-Hub Poltava" on June 16 and launched an audio guide in Swedish at the Museum of the Battle of Poltava. In addition, the First Lady visited the hub educational institution in the Poltava region, where the presentation of the project "Nutrition Reforms for Students of the Poltava Region" took place. "Equality of rights for mother and father in child care is one of the areas of work that Ukraine has set for itself by joining the Biarritz Partnership International Initiative last year - the Equal Opportunities Partnership. And I must say, we are confidently moving towards our goals. A law has recently come into force that gives men the right to take full parental leave for the first three years. And also the right to paid fourteen-day leave in the first three months after the birth of a child," said Olena Zelenska. The purpose of creating "TATO-Hub Poltava" is to popularize the idea of involved and conscious fatherhood among the city's residents. "TATO-Hub" is a club for dads, where men can learn, communicate and become closer to their children, thereby improving family relations. "In the 1970s, when Sweden first introduced joint parental leave, it was rare to see parents taking advantage of it, as staying home with their children was still considered a woman's job. However, over the decades, Swedish dads have become bright examples of involved parents, and about 90% of Swedish dads are now taking parental leave. "By opening such important places for parents as TATO-Hub, Poltava is taking great steps to change the perception of the role of parents and provide them with valuable opportunities for communication," said Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Sweden to Ukraine Tobias Thyberg. The activities of "TATO-Hub" are aimed at organizing classes exclusively for dads on child psychology, building "parent-child" relationships, sex education, coping with stress, constructive conflict resolution, preparation for childbirth and the emergence of a baby, the harmfulness of gender stereotypes. All events will be conducted by highly qualified experienced psychologists free of charge by appointment. "As a member of the Biarritz Partnership, Ukraine has passed a so-called law on parental leave for fathers. Both initiatives are aimed at ensuring equal rights and opportunities for mothers and fathers regarding parental leave. However, institutional changes alone are not enough, it is important that changes take place at the level of consciousness and behavior of citizens. By supporting initiatives such as the TATO-Hub, we help men understand the importance of their involvement in the upbringing of children,” said Representative of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) to Ukraine Jaime Nadal. Also in Poltava, with the participation of Olena Zelenska and the Ambassador of Sweden to Ukraine, an audio guide in Swedish was launched at the Museum of the Battle of Poltava. "I am very glad to see how the First Lady's initiative to translate the audio guide at the Museum of the Battle of Poltava in Swedish not only promotes historical and cultural ties between our countries, but also makes such historical monuments in Ukraine more accessible to visitors from Sweden," Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Sweden to Ukraine Tobias Thyberg said. ph Trip of the First Lady to the Poltava region 17 June 2021 - 13:21 ph Trip of the First Lady to the Poltava region 17 June 2021 - 13:21 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine