12 captures 16 Oct 2023 - 17 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 16 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231016000829/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhen-povinen-vikonati-svoyu-chastinu-zahisnoyi-roboti-shob-86381 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Everyone must do their part in defense to prevent Russian terror from stopping Ukraine this winter - address by the President 15 October 2023 - 21:25 View all videos n latest news Everyone must do their part in defense to prevent Russian terror from stopping Ukraine this winter - address by the President 15 October 2023 - 21:16 As terror is spreading, it is important for the world to give an unambiguous signal that protection against terror will not falter anywhere – address by the President of Ukraine 14 October 2023 - 20:07 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine in Odesa had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 14 October 2023 - 17:01 Ukraine's strength and our future lies in unity – President during his interaction with cadets and instructors at military academies in Odesa 13 October 2023 - 23:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Odesa region and a meeting with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands 13 October 2023 - 13:53 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Everyone must do their part in defense to prevent Russian terror from stopping Ukraine this winter - address by the President 15 October 2023 - 21:16 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! A few important things about this day. All day long, power engineers and rescuers have been working very actively in Kherson region and also in Donetsk region to eliminate the consequences of strikes on power facilities. In particular, there were power outages in Kherson today due to Russian bombs. Our repair crews are doing their best. As of now, Kherson has electricity and water supply restored in almost the entire city, except for ten houses in the Tavriyskyi neighborhood. As for these houses, the repair work should be completed tomorrow. We must be aware that there will be more such Russian attacks as winter approaches - on generation facilities and the grid. We must be prepared for this. We will strengthen our air defense as much as possible in the current circumstances. And even more: we are agreeing with our partners on such defense steps that have not been used before. However, a lot will depend on the readiness of local authorities, particularly in cities, and on the preparatory work of energy companies and telecom operators. Everyone has to do their part in defense to prevent Russian terror from stopping Ukraine this winter. Just like on the battlefield, we must be as resilient and strong as possible in all areas. The week's schedule includes new meetings, new conversations with partners on strengthening Ukraine and our defense. We will also work to make the reconstruction process in Ukraine more active. We are also preparing new steps to ensure that in the current security situation in the world, attention to Ukraine is maintained at a sufficient level. Ukrainian diplomats, intelligence, and security forces continue to work to help our citizens who have found themselves in the Middle East: in Israel and the Gaza Strip. The evacuation of Ukrainians from Israel continues: more than 200 people have already been taken to Romania, mostly women and children. New flights are being prepared. We know about almost 260 Ukrainians who are currently in the Gaza Strip. Currently, the exit from Gaza is blocked for citizens of all countries, but we are working with our partners to evacuate our citizens. Ukrainian diplomats are ready to help every citizen who needs it. Therefore, I once again appeal to all Ukrainians who may be abroad and need help: please contact our diplomatic missions abroad at any time and in any way. And one more thing. Every day our cities, villages in the regions bordering Russia and along the front line are subjected to terrorist attacks by the occupier. And every day, our people receive help there, which is very important. No matter what happens, Ukrainians take care of each other, and the state remains functional. Ukraine cannot be defeated because our people cannot be defeated. Please support and thank everyone who works for the sake of people, who protects lives. Our rescuers, doctors, nurses, volunteers, police officers, utility workers, power engineers – those without whom there would be no normal life. Everyone is important. Everyone deserves gratitude. Today I would like to recognize the firefighters, in particular in Donetsk region, in Pokrovsk. Volodymyr Zhurbenko, Major of the Civil Protection Service. I thank you! Bakhmut district – Roman Lomakin, commander of the fire and rescue unit in Toretsk. Thank you! Our Kherson region – Andriy Diachenko, Captain of the Civil Protection Service, and Vladyslav Perezva, Sergeant of the Civil Protection Service. I thank you guys! Our Zaporizhzhia region – Sergeants of the Civil Protection Service Serhiy Klimansky and Andriy Lotsman. Thank you! And all our warriors. Each and every one of them who is now in combat and on combat posts, on combat missions. Who saves our military after being wounded. Those who train them. Those who repair equipment and maintain the operations of our combat brigades. From Kharkiv region to Kherson region. This includes Kupyansk, positions in the Donetsk sector, Avdiivka. I thank you guys for your strength and for the very significant destruction of the occupier! This is our Maryinka. The directions in Zaporizhzhia. I thank everyone who is fighting for our country and people! Glory to our mighty nation! Ukraine knows how to be strong. And we will withstand. We have to endure and prevail. And we will. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine