20 captures 18 Sep 2021 - 17 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072049/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zatverdiv-strategichnij-oboronnij-byuleten-uk-70713 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of State approves Strategic Defense Bulletin of Ukraine 17 September 2021 - 20:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy put into effect the decision of the National Security and Defense Council made on August 20, 2021 and approved the Strategic Defense Bulletin of Ukraine. Decree No. 473/2021 was signed by the Head of State on September 17. The Strategic Defense Bulletin was developed on the basis of the National Security Strategy of Ukraine and the Military Security Strategy of Ukraine. Representatives of the Ministry of Defense, the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, other defense force elements, representatives of central executive bodies, scientific institutions, and nongovernmental organizations took part in shaping the document. Foreign experts (advisors) were also involved, in particular the NATO Representation to our country. The first part of the bulletin outlines the outcome of the defense reform, which was implemented during 2016-2020, and the main results of the defense review, during which the state and prospects for the development of the security environment were assessed and for the first time a description of the future security environment until 2030 was presented. The problems of functioning of the defense forces in the conditions of current and emerging threats are also outlined. In the second part of the Strategic Defense Bulletin, the main directions of the implementation of the military policy of Ukraine, a promising model of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and other defense force elements and the requirements for its building, the main capabilities of the defense force that must be achieved are presented; the strategic goals of the development of the defense force for the period up to 2025, the main tasks and expected results of their achievement are indicated. The essence of the Military Security Strategy of Ukraine is the comprehensive defense of the country, according to the document. The military policy of Ukraine is implemented in the following main areas: - ensuring the rebuff and deterrence of the armed aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine, the restoration of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our country within the state border, the prevention of military conflicts with any foreign states; - planning a comprehensive defense with the development of a defense plan of Ukraine, a strategic plan for the use of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, other components of the defense force, operational plans and plans for the use of defense force and means, and the like; - securing the necessary institutional capabilities by the central executive authorities and other state bodies for the timely and organized conduct of mobilization, meeting the needs of the state's defense and protecting its territory from possible aggression, as well as effective management of defense resources; - developing the capabilities of the defense force in the context of preparation for comprehensive defense of Ukraine, their all-round support; - implementing the best practices, principles and standards of NATO member states in the defense force, participating in joint operations and drills to meet the criteria for membership in the Alliance with subsequent integration into Euro-Atlantic security institutions. The Strategic Defense Bulletin of Ukraine sets out the goal and vision of the defense force of the 2030 model, according to which the defense force is united by a single leadership and consist of professionally trained and motivated personnel, equipped with modern weapons and military (special) equipment, capable of protecting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, ready to conduct air, land, sea operations, countering media wars and wars in cyberspace, capable of acting asymmetrically, outside the box, being proactive and integrated into the Euro-Atlantic security architecture. The document defines a promising model of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and other components of the defense force; key principles for organizing the command and control system, prospective composition, military personnel and military-technical policy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and other components of the defense force; directions of development of operational, combat and special capabilities of the defense force. The promising model of defense force will be achieved through the implementation of five strategic goals: 1) effective defense management and a system of joint leadership of defense forces and military command in the Armed Forces, carried out on the principles of democratic civilian control, other NATO principles and standards, 2) professional and motivated personnel defense forces, the trained military reserve is supported by effective transparent systems of personnel management, military education and science, health care and social protection; 3) modern weapons and military (special) equipment, ensuring the fulfillment of tasks by the Armed Forces of Ukraine, other components of the defense forces, in particular together with the relevant structures of the NATO member states, 4) developed military infrastructure, unified logistics and sufficient supplies inventory, an effective system of medical support that meets the needs of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, other components of the defense forces to repulse armed aggression against Ukraine; 5) integrated operational (combat and special) capabilities of the defense forces that provide for repulsing and countering armed aggression against Ukraine, hybrid threats. Tasks and a list of activities are determined for each goal of the development of the defense force to achieve them. The activities and the necessary financial resources will be detailed in the State Target Program for the Development of the Armed Forces of Ukraine until 2026. On the basis of the Strategic Defense Bulletin of Ukraine, state target programs and other planning documents and projects for the development of the capabilities of the defense forces will be shaped. The implementation of the tasks and activities of the Strategic Defense Bulletin of Ukraine will be financed both by the state budget and other sources. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine