1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233421/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=34 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – The Yermak-McFaul sanctions group developed a new document on increasing the effectiveness of sanctions against Russia 24 November 2022 - 15:04 The international working group on sanctions against Russia chaired by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and Director of the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), Ambassador Michael McFaul developed a new document "Measures to Increase the Effectiveness of Sanctions". It specifies ways of circumventing the sanctions imposed on Russia and contains a call to increase the systemic character of sanctions restrictions. Ukraine highly appreciates support from Montenegro - Ihor Zhovkva 23 November 2022 - 20:32 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with Minister of Internal Affairs, Acting Minister of Defense of Montenegro Filip Adžić, who is in our country on a working visit. The project of assistance from the European cities with the supply of generators is designed to help Ukrainians survive the most difficult winter in modern history - Andriy Yermak 23 November 2022 - 18:27 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak together with President of the European Parliament Roberta Metsola and President of Eurocities and Mayor of Florence Dario Nardella took part in the video conference mode in the official launch in Strasbourg of the Eurocities project to help Ukrainian cities with the supply of generators. It is necessary to strengthen cooperation with international partners regarding the creation of a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine - Andriy Yermak at a meeting of the working group 22 November 2022 - 22:38 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. After implementing the recommendations of the European Commission, we expect a proper assessment of Ukraine's progress by the European Union - Ihor Zhovkva 22 November 2022 - 20:51 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a call with European Policy Advisor to the Federal Chancellor of Germany Undine Ruge. Ukraine, together with its allies, starts developing Joint Declaration on Ukrainian Air Shield – address of Head of President's Office Andriy Yermak at Halifax International Security Forum 19 November 2022 - 20:23 We aim at building a complex multi-level system of anti-aircraft and anti-missile defense. It will contribute to the entire European air security. Russia's actions confirm need for European Parliament to adopt resolution designating Russia as state sponsor of terrorism – Ihor Zhovkva 19 November 2022 - 12:22 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with a delegation of the Greens/EFA Group in the European Parliament led by its Co-President Terry Reintke. Andriy Yermak holds meeting with Isabelle Dumont 19 November 2022 - 11:41 Yermak briefed the interlocutor on the critical damage to Ukraine's energy infrastructure due to Russian massive missile attacks. He thanked the French side for the humanitarian assistance provided and their willingness to respond to our country's requests for equipment needed to restore the damaged energy sector. Ihor Zhovkva held video consultations with the Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of Montenegro 17 November 2022 - 16:34 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held video consultations with Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of Montenegro Tamara Brajovic. A number of countries found themselves on the brink of a new famine precisely because Russia started a war of aggression against Ukraine - Andriy Yermak at a meeting on the implementation of the Grain from Ukraine initiative 17 November 2022 - 15:56 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the working group on providing aid to the countries suffering from an acute food crisis. The meeting was also attended by representatives of the Office of the President, ministries and departments, ambassadors of Ukraine, foreign diplomats accredited in our country and representatives of international organizations. 1 2 ... 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine