5 captures 23 Jul 2022 - 18 Sep 2024 Jun JUL Aug 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220723082534/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mizhnarodna-robocha-grupa-rozglyanula-proekt-rekomendacij-sh-76621 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia did everything to destroy Ukraine's export potential; we didn't allow it – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 July 2022 - 22:29 View all videos n latest news International working group reviews draft recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine 23 July 2022 - 09:46 Russia did everything to destroy Ukraine's export potential; we didn't allow it – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 July 2022 - 22:28 They want to destroy us as a nation, but we unite and fight for our lives - Olena Zelenska in an interview with El Pais 22 July 2022 - 12:31 We have a significant potential for the advance of our forces on the front and for the infliction of significant losses on the occupiers - address by the President of Ukraine 21 July 2022 - 22:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the US 20 July 2022 - 17:07 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office International working group reviews draft recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine 23 July 2022 - 09:46 On July 22, the international working group on security guarantees for Ukraine, co-chaired by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen, held its second meeting. The participants discussed the draft recommendations regarding future international security guarantees for Ukraine. The group believes that NATO and Article 5 of the Washington Treaty remain the gold standard for security guarantees. In this regard, the course for membership in the Alliance is enshrined in the Constitution of Ukraine. In the interim period, until Ukraine becomes a full member of NATO, the main guarantee will be its ability to deter future aggression and, if necessary, to defend itself and restore its sovereignty, territorial integrity and security. However, to achieve this, according to the group, an interconnected system of multilateral and bilateral duly ratified agreements between Ukraine and the guarantor states will be needed. The documents, in particular, will contribute to the development and strengthening of the defense forces of Ukraine. The group's co-chairman, Andriy Yermak, said: "Ukraine has shown how capable it is of fighting one of the largest armies in the world. On the other hand, the world saw what the Russian Federation is capable of today." Therefore, according to him, the system of guarantees should provide as much as possible capabilities for self-defense of Ukraine, as well as comprehensive and full support in the event of both direct aggression and its threat. The head of the President's Office said that international security guarantees are extremely important for the post-war reconstruction and further economic development of Ukraine. "After the war, our country must become guaranteed safe. It is extremely important that all Ukrainian citizens, who were forced to go abroad due to the large-scale expansion of Russian aggression, return. So that investors from all over the world, including, of course, Ukrainian ones, could confidently bring their capital here. We need to drastically increase the level of foreign investments, even compared to the pre-war years," Yermak said. According to Rasmussen, "stability in the Euro-Atlantic region is intertwined with the stability and security of Ukraine." "If the war in Ukraine is not ended, the whole region and the world will feel its consequences. That is why it is advisable for the international community – not only morally, but also strategically – to resolutely support the security of Ukraine. We are considering previous models, but the guarantee model for Ukraine will be unique and adapted to the specific needs of the country," he said. Currently, the group includes: Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia in 2007-2010, 2013; Carl Bildt, Prime Minister of Sweden in 1991-1994 and Minister of Foreign Affairs in 2006-2014; Michèle A. Flournoy, U.S. Under Secretary of Defense for Policy in 2009-2012; Mikuláš Dzurinda, Prime Minister of Slovakia in 1998-2006 and Minister of Foreign Affairs in 2010-2012; Stephen Hadley, National Security Adviser to the President of the United States in 2005-2009; Omid Nouripour, Member of the German Parliament (2006-present) and co-chairman of the Alliance '90/The Greens party (since 2022); Lord William J. Hague of Richmond, Foreign Secretary of the UK in 2010-2014; Norbert Röttgen, Member of the German Parliament; Minister for Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety in 2009-2012, as well as the former Chair of the Bundestag Foreign Affairs Committee (2014-2021); Anna Fotyga, MEP (2014-present) and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland in 2006-2007; Marie Dumoulin, Director of Wider Europe programme of the European Council on Foreign Relations, Giampiero Massolo, President of the Italian Institute for International Political Studies; Adam Eberhardt, Director of the Centre for Eastern Studies (OSW); Andrii Kostin, Member of the Parliament of Ukraine, Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Committee on Legal Policy; Roxana Cristescu, political expert, the EU. The members of the working group are taking part in a personal capacity, not as representatives of the governments of their countries or the organizations in which they work. Oleksandr Bevz and Daria Zarivna are project managers from the Ukrainian side in the Secretariat of the International Working Group; Fabrice Pothier and Harry Nedelcu are their colleagues from Rasmussen Global. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine