8 captures 02 Dec 2020 - 29 Sep 2023 Apr MAY Jun 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220522014452/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nikoli-ne-vtrachajte-viru-v-zakon-i-spravedlivist-prezident-65349 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The war continues, and each of us must take care of the defense every day - address by the President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 23:51 View all videos n latest news The war continues, and each of us must take care of the defense every day - address by the President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 23:45 Andriy Yermak met with the heads of embassies of the European Union member states and the EU Delegation 21 May 2022 - 17:35 If the world does not help Ukraine unblock its ports, the energy crisis will be followed by a food crisis - President 21 May 2022 - 17:19 Volodymyr Zelenskyy expects positive decisions from the second meeting of partner countries in the Ramstein format 21 May 2022 - 16:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Prime Minister of Portugal 21 May 2022 - 15:36 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Never lose faith in law and justice - President congratulated prosecutors on their professional holiday 1 December 2020 - 13:05 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Office of the Prosecutor General and congratulated the prosecutors on their professional holiday. "I do not want to say obvious things now: about strengthening the rule of law, about effectively combating crime and many other, without a doubt, very important tasks of the prosecutor's office. I'm sure you've heard about them many times, but to do them, you need actions, not conversations. Daily work, which won’t be facilitated by a set of well-known theses repeated from year to year, changing only their order," the Head of State said during a meeting with prosecutors. Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that there are many honest and decent people among more than ten thousand prosecutors. "I want to wish all of you, especially young people who are just beginning their difficult career: never forget why you chose this profession. What principles you always wanted to defend and what ideals you always believed in. Please do not let anyone convince you that the system works this way and nothing can be done about it. Do not become hostages of the image. Moreover, there are many worthy examples to follow among your colleagues," the President stressed. According to him, the process of reforming the prosecutor's office will be successfully completed in the near future. "Our society lays hopes on a renewed prosecutor's office. As President, I sincerely wish you to justify them, never lose your faith in law and justice, act decisively, quickly, destroy all stereotypes and achieve historic success in the service for the sake of our state. And, of course, good health to you and your families," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also presented state awards to prosecutors. "Thanks to such employees of the prosecutor's office, dozens of criminals were brought to justice. Hundreds of millions of hryvnias have been reimbursed, returned or saved for the state budget. And the most important thing is the law enforcement officers who "hit this rock" every day. And they prove that an honest and professional prosecutor in Ukraine is not a myth, not a fantasy and not an exception to the rules," the President said. The Head of State also watched the exhibits of the Museum of the History of the Prosecutor's Office of Ukraine. Prosecutor General Iryna Venediktova noted that the reform of the prosecutor's office is taking place according to the best international standards. "All this would be impossible without the reform of the prosecutor's office initiated by the President of Ukraine, for which, I think, both Ukraine and the international community are grateful to you and understand how timely this step was and how difficult it was to break the processes in the country," Iryna Venediktova stressed. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine