1 capture 26 Sep 2024 Aug SEP Oct 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240926230012/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=26-09-2023&date-to=26-09-2024&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Can Be No Just Peace Without Ukraine - Speech of the President at the UN General Assembly 25 September 2024 - 18:48 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented the Victory Plan to Kamala Harris 27 September 2024 - 00:47 Statement by the President of Ukraine Before Meeting with Kamala Harris 27 September 2024 - 00:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented the Victory Plan to the President of the United States 26 September 2024 - 23:48 Statement by the President of Ukraine Before Meeting with the President of the United States 26 September 2024 - 22:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – The Next 5 Years Are a Window of Opportunity that Ukraine and the EU Must Use Wisely – Ihor Zhovkva 22 July 2024 - 19:37 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva participated in a public discussion titled "The Process of Ukraine's Accession to the EU: How to Move Effectively and Quickly." The event was organized on the occasion of the visit by the Advisory Group on Ukraine's EU Accession. Cooperation with the Regions and Restoration of Energy Infrastructure: the Presidential Office Hosted a Meeting with Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda 20 July 2024 - 12:50 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Oleksiy Kuleba met with Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda. Government Officials, Local Authorities, and International Partners to Hold Joint Briefings on Overcoming Energy Challenges 18 July 2024 - 19:41 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Oleksiy Kuleba noted that the briefings will be conducted pursuant to a decision by the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine. Andriy Yermak Had a Phone Call with Indian Prime Minister's National Security Advisor 18 July 2024 - 19:24 The Head of the Presidential Office stated that it is important for Ukraine-India relations to develop. However, there must also be a clear position on Russia's aggression against Ukraine and the path to a just peace based on the Peace Formula. Ukraine Sent Flour to Palestine under the Grain from Ukraine Program 18 July 2024 - 13:33 Ukraine has transferred one thousand tons of wheat flour to Palestine as part of the Grain from Ukraine program, an initiative of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Ukraine and Moldova Coordinated Positions on Negotiation Process Towards EU Membership 16 July 2024 - 19:43 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva met with Deputy Prime Minister for European Integration of Moldova Cristina Gherasimov. Euro-Atlantic Integration, Defense Support and Energy Security: Ukrainian Delegation Met with Jake Sullivan 3 July 2024 - 15:15 During the meeting, they summarized the results of the first Peace Summit and coordinated steps for the coming weeks and months for the concrete implementation of its outcomes and the preparation for the second Peace Summit. Andriy Yermak in Washington Discussed NATO Summit Preparations and Support for Ukraine with U.S. President's Assistant 3 July 2024 - 11:05 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak, during his visit to Washington, met with Phil Gordon, Assistant to the U.S. President and National Security Advisor to the U.S. Vice President. Ukrainian Delegation Began Its Visit to the United States and Met with Antony Blinken 2 July 2024 - 21:20 The Head of the Office of the President, together with Deputy Prime Minister for European and Euro-Atlantic Integration Olha Stefanishyna, Minister of Defense Rustem Umerov and Minister of Energy German Galushchenko, began his visit to the United States with a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken. Ukraine and the Czech Republic Held Another Round of Talks on Bilateral Security Agreement 2 July 2024 - 16:37 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine and the Head of the Presidential Office and in pursuance of the G7 Joint Declaration, Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva held another round of talks with the Czech side on signing a bilateral security agreement. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 40 41 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine