8 captures 20 Sep 2024 - 18 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 20 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240920181721/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bachimo-zagrozu-z-boku-rosiyi-dlya-nashoyi-generaciyi-budemo-93373 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We See a Threat from Russia to Our Generation, We Will Counter It – Address by the President 20 September 2024 - 19:35 View all videos n latest news We See a Threat from Russia to Our Generation, We Will Counter It – Address by the President 20 September 2024 - 19:35 President: The Plan for Victory Relies on Swift Decisions from Our Partners 20 September 2024 - 15:08 Defense Support, Energy, Use of Frozen Russian Assets, and EU Membership: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Ursula von der Leyen 20 September 2024 - 15:02 Restoring Justice: The Third Thematic Conference Was Held as a Follow-Up to the First Peace Summit 19 September 2024 - 20:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 20 September 2024 - 12:43 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We See a Threat from Russia to Our Generation, We Will Counter It – Address by the President 20 September 2024 - 19:35 I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! Today, I held a meeting of the Staff. The report by Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi focused on the front and on our operation in the Kursk region. Importantly, our combat brigades are holding their positions as steadily as possible. There were reports from the intelligence services. The Defense Intelligence of Ukraine – Budanov. The Foreign Intelligence Service – Ivashchenko. We discussed in great detail, and even with some emotion, the issue of drone production and drone supply to all elements of our Defense and Security Forces. We also addressed today the production of missiles, electronic warfare systems, and relevant cooperation with partners. The reports were presented by Umerov, Sybiha, Fedorov, the military, the Security Service of Ukraine – Maliuk. It was a really detailed conversation. The main point is not just to secure contracts and funding for them, but also to ensure the speed of real production and real delivery. And the energy issue – it was a significant part of today's Staff meeting. There were reports by Prime Minister Shmyhal and Minister of Energy Galushchenko on the physical protection of facilities and the real situation with restoration. We also discussed the threat we now see from Russia to our energy generation. We will counter it. The energy issue was also discussed in detail with Ursula von der Leyen, President of the European Commission. Her today's visit has contributed to the sensitive support of Ukraine. There is a new package for our energy sector from the European Union – EUR 160 million. There is also an agreement to increase electricity imports to Ukraine, which will undoubtedly support our state, our people in difficult situations. We discussed with Ursula the steps that will help us preserve at least a quarter of our generation. Of course, we also talked about our political interaction with the European Union – we have to speed up the process of accession negotiations and preparation of the respective parts of the future agreement. There is an important decision by Ursula on European support for our Ukrainian school meals program. So, in everything from defense to social issues, we have really good results. Ursula, thank you! And one more thing. We are actively preparing for negotiations in the US – this includes President Biden, representatives of both parties in Congress, and we expect to meet with both presidential candidates of the United States. In Ukraine, we will always be grateful to the USA for supporting our independence – for all the assistance provided to help Ukraine withstand this war. And now we are going to present a very concrete Plan on how Ukraine can not only endure this war, not only maintain the level of resistance as it is now, but also grow stronger at this very moment – grow stronger in a way that will really bring us closer to a just peace, really bring us closer to victory. Ukraine is counting very heavily on this support. And rightly so. Because when one nation wins the fight for its independence and respect for international law, the whole world wins. This is exactly how it should be. I thank everyone who stands with us, who stands with Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine