4 captures 11 Jun 2024 - 21 Jan 2026 May JUN Jul 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240611045350/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/diyi-ta-bezdiyalnist-kozhnoyi-posadovoyi-osobi-v-sektori-bez-76529?fbclid=IwAR3pLrXYoXtHlkEOfKQNzhjIgB4cebnVP6HCwK3lJh0EjHjJqrs4dEKFAxY Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing New Agreements for Ukraine with European Partners, in Particular with Germany – Address by the President 9 June 2024 - 20:52 View all videos n latest news 50 Countries Have Joined Olena Zelenska's Ukrainian Bookshelf Initiative 10 June 2024 - 14:51 We Are Preparing New Agreements for Ukraine with European Partners, in Particular with Germany – Address by the President 9 June 2024 - 20:46 Andriy Yermak Visited Italy and the Vatican City on the Instructions of the President of Ukraine 8 June 2024 - 23:07 Ukraine and the EU Held Another Round of Negotiations on a Security Agreement 8 June 2024 - 20:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Official Visit of the President of Ukraine to France 6 June 2024 - 16:34 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Actions and inaction of every official in the security sector and in the law enforcement agencies will be evaluated - address by the President of Ukraine 17 July 2022 - 22:30 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Today I was informed of the results of another operation against criminals who worked for the enemy. Employees of the State Bureau of Investigation together with the Security Service of Ukraine detained the former head of the Main Directorate of the Security Service of Ukraine in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea. This person was dismissed by me at the beginning of the full-scale invasion, and as we can see, that decision was completely justified. Sufficient evidence has been collected to notify this person of suspicion of treason. All his criminal activities are documented. Everything he has done during these months as well as earlier will get a proper legal assessment. Everyone who together with him was part of a criminal group that worked in the interests of the Russian Federation will also be held accountable. It is about the transfer of secret information to the enemy and other facts of cooperation with the Russian special services. I want to thank everyone who participated in this operation. It can truly be called self-purification. I visited the frontline regions - the most difficult ones. I personally dealt with the activities of the law enforcement agencies in particular. As a result of this, as you already know, personnel decisions were made regarding the regional heads of the security sector - Kherson, Kharkiv. We also sorted out the issues of the local leadership of the executive power. The specific actions and any inaction of each official in the security sector and in law enforcement agencies will be evaluated. The corresponding inspection of law enforcement agencies has already yielded the first results and will be continued. As of today, 651 criminal proceedings have been registered regarding treason and collaboration activities of employees of prosecutor's offices, pretrial investigation bodies, and other law enforcement agencies. In 198 criminal proceedings, relevant persons were notified of suspicion. In particular, more than 60 employees of the prosecutor's office and the Security Service of Ukraine remained in the occupied territory and are working against our state. Such an array of crimes against the foundations of the national security of the state and the connections detected between the employees of the security forces of Ukraine and the special services of Russia pose very serious questions to the relevant leadership. Each of these questions will receive a proper answer. Today I made a decision to suspend the Prosecutor General from office and the Head of the Security Service of Ukraine from discharging duties. I want to be heard today by everyone on whom the extremely sensitive issue of appointing a new head of the Specialized Anticorruption Prosecutor's Office depends. My position as the President of Ukraine is that the competition that took place should lead to a completely logical decision on the appointment of a new head. The appropriate person was selected, and the finalization of this decision depends on the competition commission. Why is this issue sensitive? The answer is obvious. Without a full-fledged head of such an institution, its full--fledged functioning is impossible. By the way, the same applies to the National Anticorruption Bureau of Ukraine. The term of office of the previous head has ended. And there should be a competition procedure for the selection of a new head of NABU. I instructed the Prime Minister of Ukraine to intensify the process of launching the relevant competition. I know that the employees of the anticorruption infrastructure perform their duties at this time and in such conditions. Moreover, they participate in the defense of our state. In particular, seven NABU employees received state awards after February 24. However, the full functionality of any state body can be used only when there is an effective leader. So, this competition is also extremely important. Today, another not-too-sober statement about the alleged "doomsday" for Ukraine was heard from Russia. Of course, no one will perceive such intimidation. But look how cynical it is to say such a thing today - on the anniversary of Russia's shooting down of the Malaysian Boeing in the sky over the Ukrainian Donbas. 298 people were killed in an obvious act of terrorism. 80 children. Citizens of ten states. Already then, Russia was following this path - to the status of a terrorist state and to a special tribunal, which will definitely take place regarding Russian aggression against Ukraine. This will be a doomsday for Russia. And not in a figurative sense, not as a loud saying, but literally. As of 19:00 today, Russia has already used more than three thousand cruise missiles against Ukraine. It is impossible to count the number of artillery and other projectiles that were used against our country and our people. But it is definitely possible to bring all Russian war criminals to justice. Each of the collaborators. All those responsible for terror. For everything that happens during 144 days and in more than eight years. It will be done. I spoke today with Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau. Of course, we discussed our cooperation and I thanked him, I thanked Canada for its support. But I separately emphasized that Ukrainians will never accept Canada's decision regarding the Nord Stream turbine, which was decided to be handed over to Germany in violation of the sanctions regime. This issue is not just about the turbine. This is a matter of compliance with sanctions. If there is one violation now, it is only a matter of time before there will be others. Russia deliberately does this blackmailing with gas and provoking violations of sanctions. There are enough routes for the transit of Russian gas to Europe. And every country must maintain principles. I am grateful to everyone who fights and defends justice. I am grateful to everyone who defends Ukraine. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine