3 captures 29 Oct 2023 - 02 Nov 2023 Sep OCT Nov 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231029140434/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-na-malti-proviv-nizku-zustrichej-iz-radnikami-86685 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Peace Formula gradually, step by step, is becoming global – address by the President of Ukraine 28 October 2023 - 20:33 View all videos n latest news During third advisors' meeting in Malta a proposal to create international coalition of states to facilitate return of Ukrainian children deported by Russia was made 29 October 2023 - 15:15 Andriy Yermak holds series of meetings with advisors to leaders of partner countries in Malta 29 October 2023 - 13:57 On President's introduction, Andriy Yermak holds meeting with President of the European Parliament in Malta 29 October 2023 - 11:31 The third meeting of national security and foreign policy advisors on the key principles of peace in Ukraine and the world takes place in Malta 29 October 2023 - 10:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak holds series of meetings with advisors to leaders of partner countries in Malta 29 October 2023 - 13:57 On the sidelines of the third meeting of national security and foreign policy advisors in Malta, on the President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's instruction, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a series of bilateral meetings with advisors to the leaders of Ukraine's partner countries. During the negotiations with Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister of Spain Emma Aparici, Andriy Yermak informed her about Ukraine's success in implementing the seven recommendations of the European Commission. He expressed hope for Spain's support as the country presiding over the Council of the European Union in adopting a decision by the European Council to begin negotiations on our country's accession to the European Union as early as December of this year. "Spanish presidency in the EU should contribute to this historic decision," the Head of the Office of the President said. Special attention was given to Spain's participation in the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, especially regarding the global food security point. Andriy Yermak thanked the Spanish side for substantial financial support for the Grain from Ukraine humanitarian initiative and invited them to participate in the second summit of the program, which will take place in Kyiv on November 25 of this year. The Head of the Office of the President also met with Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister of Portugal Fernando Morgado. Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude to the Portuguese side for their unwavering support for Ukraine, including efforts in the reconstruction of our state. "We highly appreciate Portugal's readiness to participate in the reconstruction of educational institutions in Zhytomyr region," the Head of the Office of the President said. The interlocutor was informed in detail about Ukraine's military needs with the approaching winter. Fernando Morgado assured of the continued comprehensive support for our country, particularly in European and Euro-Atlantic integration matters. During the meeting with Chief Foreign Policy and National Security Advisor to the President of Türkiye Akif Kılıç, special attention was given to the "Food Security" sphere of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, one of the leaders of which is Türkiye. Andriy Yermak acknowledged Türkiye's contribution to the implementation of the Black Sea Grain Initiative, emphasizing Ukraine's readiness to remain a guarantor of global food security. He highlighted that our country successfully ensures the operation of an alternative grain corridor. The interlocutors discussed maritime security issues in the Black Sea. The Head of the Office of the President said that Ukraine counts on Türkiye's active participation in the second summit of the Grain from Ukraine initiative. The interlocutors also reviewed the implementation of agreements at the level of the Presidents of Ukraine and Türkiye and further strengthening of bilateral cooperation in key sectors. Andriy Yermak and Akif Kılıç also discussed the situation in the Middle East and the efforts of the two countries aimed at a diplomatic resolution of the crisis. During the meeting of the Head of the Office of the President with National Security and Intelligence Advisor to the Prime Minister of Canada Jody Thomas, the focus was on the implementation of agreements reached during President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's recent visit to Canada. Andriy Yermak expressed his gratitude to the Canadian side for their unwavering steadfast support of Ukraine and their readiness to continue providing our country with long-term assistance in defending against Russian aggression and supporting economic resilience. He specifically noted Canada's important steps in the confiscation of sanctioned Russian assets and expressed hope that relevant proceedings would be successfully completed to ensure the proper use of these assets in Ukraine's interests, particularly for reconstruction support. During the meeting with Director General of the Department of International Affairs of the Office of the Prime Minister of Norway Kjersti Andersen, Andriy Yermak discussed the current situation on the front lines and thanked Norway for its substantial assistance in countering Russia's armed aggression, especially on the defense front, as well as Norway's active participation in the aviation coalition. The parties discussed further steps in the practical implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and preparations for the Global Peace Summit. The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine expressed gratitude to Norway for their effective support of these initiatives. Andriy Yermak and Kjersti Andersen also touched upon the topic of Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration and current cooperation issues at bilateral and regional levels. Both parties emphasized the importance of the Ukraine-Northern Europe highest-level format and expressed their support for its continuation. The interlocutors also exchanged thoughts on the developments in the Middle East, particularly noting Norway's important role and agreements in Oslo in peaceful efforts in the region. During the meeting with State Secretary for Foreign Policy at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark Lisbet Zilmer-Johns, the Head of the Office of the President expressed gratitude to the Danish government for their continuing defense support of Ukraine and the recent provision of the 13th defense assistance package worth $522 million. The parties also discussed the implementation of specific points of the Peace Formula, the Grain from Ukraine humanitarian initiative, and cooperation in the energy sector. Andriy Yermak informed partners about Ukraine's fulfillment of all seven recommendations of the European Commission necessary to initiate the negotiation process for EU accession and expressed hope for Denmark's continued support of our European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine