1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032131/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=44 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Everyone who chooses the profession of a law enforcement officer or rescuer gets the opportunity to make Ukraine stronger - the Head of State during the graduation of cadets of higher education institutions of the Ministry of Internal Affairs 12 April 2023 - 15:22 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the ceremonial events on the occasion of the graduation of cadets from higher education institutions of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Howard Buffett discussed aid to Ukraine 11 April 2023 - 21:48 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Howard Buffett for the support of the Ukrainian people and the projects that the philanthropist implements in our country. In particular, the Head of State noted the implementation of the kitchen factory project, which is part of the school meals reform initiated by First Lady Olena Zelenska, as well as assistance in the implementation of the grain initiative, support for demining, purchase of generators, and elimination of the consequences of the enemy’s shelling of the civilian infrastructure of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 11 April 2023 - 16:10 The participants listened to the reports on the overall operational situation on the frontline and the situation in the sectors of the front within the areas of responsibility of the operational and strategic groups of troops. The participants of the meeting also analyzed the state of providing the units with ammunition. President of Ukraine honored memory of the victims of the Nazi concentration camps 11 April 2023 - 11:59 On the International Day of the liberation of Nazi concentration camps, a basket of flowers from President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy was placed at the Babyn Yar Memorial Complex in the city of Kyiv. The term "defeat" should become a companion to the term "aggressor", and it is only the Ukrainian victory that will ensure this - address by the President of Ukraine 10 April 2023 - 22:39 Everything that strengthens Ukraine's defense against Russian terror, everything that gives our soldiers more opportunities for active movement - all this protects everyone in the partner countries, everyone in Europe, everyone in the world. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Richard Branson, who became the new ambassador of United24 10 April 2023 - 20:55 "I am glad that you have decided to become a United24 ambassador. It is very important that new famous and influential personalities join this platform. One of the main tasks is to keep the world's attention on Russia's war against Ukraine, which has been ongoing for over a year. In addition, there are very specific issues on which we can work together," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Today we are starting the tradition of Iftar at the official level manifesting that Ukraine values every community 7 April 2023 - 23:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy together with Ukrainian Muslim soldiers, leaders of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar people, and representatives of the Muslim clergy, took part in the Iftar, a dinner held during the holy month of Ramadan for Muslims. President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 7 April 2023 - 14:42 The members of the Staff reviewed in detail the formation and arming of new brigades. Attention was also paid to the level of personnel training. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the mayors of the cities of Rzeszów, Przemyśl, Lublin and Chełm and presented them with "Rescuer City" honorary awards 6 April 2023 - 11:53 During his official visit to the Republic of Poland, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, together with Prime Minister of Poland Mateusz Morawiecki, met with the mayors of the Polish cities that were awarded the "Rescuer City" honorary awards of Ukraine. Rosja nie wygra z Europą, kiedy Ukrainiec i Polak stoją ramię w ramię - przemówienie Prezydenta Ukrainy przed deputowanymi obu izb Zgromadzenia Narodowego, przedstawicielami społeczeństwa Ukrainy i Polski 6 April 2023 - 00:56 Każda udana bitwa ukraińskich bohaterów o nasze niepodległe państwo zapewnia ochronę również dla polskiej niepodległości. 1 2 ... 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine