1 capture 24 Jul 2024 Jun JUL Aug 24 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240724113330/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-05-2023&date-to=24-05-2024&page=11 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Over Time, Ukraine Should Achieve Maximum Defense Independence – Address by the President 23 July 2024 - 20:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the United Kingdom 18 July 2024 - 12:39 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak Had a Phone Call with Péter Szijjártó 3 May 2024 - 19:26 As part of the ongoing dialogue, the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade of Hungary Péter Szijjártó. Our Border Guards Have Proven Themselves at the Highest Level – the President During the Meeting at the National Academy of the State Border Guard Service 3 May 2024 - 18:24 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Bohdan Khmelnytskyi National Academy of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine. Thank You for Making Ukrainians Confident in Your Strength – the President Presented Awards to Border Guards in Khmelnytskyi Region 3 May 2024 - 17:03 During his working visit to the Khmelnytskyi region, the Head of State met with border guards and presented them with awards. The Khmelnytskyi Region will Receive at Least UAH 1.45 Billion under the Made in Ukraine Platform 3 May 2024 - 16:15 During his working visit to Khmelnytskyi, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy participated in the presentation of the Made in Ukraine economic platform. A Ukrainian-Language Audio Guide Was Launched in Finland, and Ukrainian Bookshelves Appeared in Canada, Hungary, Ireland, Poland, and Portugal. 3 May 2024 - 14:53 A Ukrainian-language audio guide was launched in the museum of one of Finland's most famous artists, Akseli Gallen-Kallela, in Espoo. The symbolic launch button was pressed by Ambassador of Ukraine Olga Dibrova and Mayor of Espoo Jukka Mäkelä. The opening ceremony was also attended by Ukrainians living in Finland. Security is the Top Priority: In the Khmelnytskyi Region, the Head of State Introduced the New Head of the Regional Military Administration and Held a Meeting on the Situation in the Region 3 May 2024 - 14:08 "The key thing today is the security of the Khmelnytskyi region and its people. Of course, assistance to our military, the wounded, especially rehabilitation, is also important," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Day is Devoted to the Situation in the Khmelnytskyi Region: Security, Protection of the Region, Contribution to the Defense of the Whole of Ukraine – Address by the President 3 May 2024 - 13:37 The key is to do everything at your own level so that our entire Ukraine can achieve the necessary results. I am grateful and proud of everyone who is fighting for our country, everyone who is working to make sure we endure, everyone who is helping. In Khmelnytskyi, the President Paid a Visit to the Warriors Recovering from Wounds and Presented Them with Awards 3 May 2024 - 13:06 "Thank you for everything you do for our country. It's a pleasure to be here and award you. Thank you for defending Ukraine. Get well and come back home. I wish you and all of us victory," the Head of State said. The Aggressor State of the Russian Federation will not Participate in the Inaugural Global Peace Summit – Andriy Yermak on the Air of the "United News" Telethon 3 May 2024 - 08:40 It is important for Ukraine that the Global Peace Summit is attended by as many countries as possible. That is why everyone is involved: the government, the parliament, and the Presidential Office – everyone is working to make the world speak about the Peace Summit and encourage leaders to participate in it. The President Met with the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs of the United Kingdom 3 May 2024 - 08:09 The Head of State thanked the UK Government for the largest package of defense support worth half a billion pounds announced last week. 1 2 ... 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 ... 189 190 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine