8 captures 24 Mar 2023 - 14 Dec 2025 May JUN Jul 02 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230602123744/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nacionalna-gvardiya-stala-odnim-iz-klyuchovih-elementiv-sist-81785 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The duty of local authorities is to ensure the availability and accessibility of shelters around the clock – address by the President of Ukraine 1 June 2023 - 21:43 View all videos n latest news The war is on our land, so the Peace Formula can only be Ukrainian – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 June 2023 - 23:14 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Olaf Scholz in the framework of the European Political Community Summit 1 June 2023 - 22:37 President of Ukraine met with the President of Azerbaijan 1 June 2023 - 22:07 President: While Ukraine doesn’t have modern aircraft, we need more Patriots 1 June 2023 - 21:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Moldova 1 June 2023 - 11:39 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The National Guard has become one of the key elements of the defense system of our country, which prevent the enemy from conquering Ukraine - the President during the participation in the graduation of young officers 24 March 2023 - 13:14 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the festivities marking the 9th anniversary of the National Guard of Ukraine and the graduation of officers of the National Academy of the National Guard of Ukraine and the Kyiv Institute of the National Guard of Ukraine. On Friday, 334 officers graduated, including 263 graduates of the NGU National Academy and 71 graduates of the NGU Kyiv Institute. 11 officers graduated from universities with a gold medal, 22 have the status of combatants. "Today we add 334 more reasons to our victory, which the Ukrainians are bringing closer with all their might - 334 warriors of the National Guard of Ukraine who have completed their training and are joining the Defense and Security Forces of Ukraine. 334 officers who, under any circumstances, have to increase the glory of Ukraine, protect the freedom of Ukraine, take care of Ukrainian men and women," the Head of State said in his speech. The President emphasized that Ukraine's victory will be the sum of the resilience, courage and efficiency of all those fighting for our country. "Protecting the honor of Ukraine, our Defense and Security Forces, the National Guard of Ukraine everywhere is your path, the path of Ukrainian officers. I believe that you will be able to walk this path with dignity," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Head of State emphasized that the National Guard of Ukraine has become one of the key elements of the general defense system of our country, which prevents the enemy from conquering Ukraine. Both during the years of the war in Donbas, and from the first minutes of the full-scale invasion of Russia, the National Guardsmen show true Ukrainian strength and do everything to ensure that Ukraine withstands. The attendees honored the memory of the warriors of the National Guard and all defenders who gave their lives in the battles for the independence of Ukraine with a moment of silence. "We are now at the decisive stage of the struggle for our independence, sovereignty, the struggle for Ukraine, which has been going on for centuries and has become the essence of the lives of different generations of our people. I have no doubts that we will be able to protect Ukraine and gain long-term security, freedom and peace for the Ukrainian people. We must do everything to speed up this result, to speed up our victory. I believe that your actions will bring our common Ukrainian goal closer. And let your character show its steeliness in the fight against the occupier," said the President. The Head of State expressed gratitude to all soldiers, leadership, officers of the National Guard of Ukraine, the NGU National Academy of Kharkiv and the NGU Kyiv Institute. From the first days of Russia's armed aggression against Ukraine, the personnel of these educational institutions took an active part in repelling the enemy. Thus, after the full-scale invasion of the Russian Federation, the personnel of the National Academy of National Guard of Ukraine began to carry out combat service for the defense of Kharkiv. National Guardsmen performed combat tasks at roadblocks at the entrances to the city on the roads Kharkiv - Chuhuiv, Kharkiv - Vysoky, Kharkiv - Pisochyn, Kharkiv - Sumy, and protected critical infrastructure facilities and local self-government bodies. In 2022, during the defense of Kharkiv, two representatives of the National Academy of National Guard of Ukraine were killed. Currently, the established unit of the academy is part of the defense forces of the hero city of Kharkiv and continues to perform tasks for the protection of strategic facilities. During the first weeks of the full-scale war, the personnel of the Kyiv Institute of National Guard of Ukraine provided protection of the administrative buildings of Kyiv. v Videos ph Participation of the President in the festivities marking the NGU's 9th anniversary and the graduation of officers of the NGU National Academy and the NGU Kyiv Institute 24 March 2023 - 13:26 ph Participation of the President in the festivities marking the NGU's 9th anniversary and the graduation of officers of the NGU National Academy and the NGU Kyiv Institute 24 March 2023 - 13:26 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine