4 captures 16 Oct 2023 - 22 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 16 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231016170421/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-ukrayini-proviv-v-odesi-telefonnu-86373 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Everyone must do their part in defense to prevent Russian terror from stopping Ukraine this winter - address by the President 15 October 2023 - 21:25 View all videos n latest news President met with U.S. Special Representative for Ukraine's Economic Recovery 16 October 2023 - 16:42 Everyone must do their part in defense to prevent Russian terror from stopping Ukraine this winter - address by the President 15 October 2023 - 21:16 As terror is spreading, it is important for the world to give an unambiguous signal that protection against terror will not falter anywhere – address by the President of Ukraine 14 October 2023 - 20:07 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine in Odesa had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 14 October 2023 - 17:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Odesa region and a meeting with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands 13 October 2023 - 13:53 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine in Odesa had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 14 October 2023 - 17:01 Visiting Odesa with President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. As part of the constant dialogue with allies, Andriy Yermak briefed the interlocutor on the operational situation on the front lines, the actions of Ukrainian forces aimed at de-occupying Ukrainian territories, and the intensification of the enemy's offensive on the eastern front. The Head of the President's Office emphasized Ukraine's need for artillery and air defense systems, especially as the winter season approaches. He expressed gratitude to the United States for its support of Ukraine and its armed forces, including decisions made at the recent Ramstein meeting of the Ukraine Defense Contact Group. The conversation also touched upon recent events in Israel. Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude to U.S. President Joseph Biden, Congress, for their strong and unwavering support for Ukraine, and to all Americans who support Ukrainians and our defenders in in its struggle against unjust aggression from Russia. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine