4 captures 15 May 2024 - 13 Jul 2025 Apr MAY Jun 15 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240515153239/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dyakuyu-vsim-u-chiyih-molitvah-zvuchatime-prohannya-pro-pere-87901 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Warriors Destroy the Occupier Who Is Trying to Advance: Everything is Quite Tense — Address by the President 14 May 2024 - 19:43 View all videos n latest news Ukraine for Every Child: State Platform on Adoption and Family Care Has Been Launched 15 May 2024 - 15:10 Our Warriors Destroy the Occupier Who Is Trying to Advance: Everything is Quite Tense — Address by the President 14 May 2024 - 19:39 Ukraine Should Receive an Invitation to Join NATO in the Near Future – the Report of the Yermak-Rasmussen Task Force 14 May 2024 - 18:41 Ukraine and Luxembourg Have Launched Negotiations on a Security Agreement 14 May 2024 - 17:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the Republic of Serbia 13 May 2024 - 13:12 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches I thank all those whose prayers will echo with a plea for the victory of our unity – address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Christmas prayer breakfast 21 December 2023 - 13:31 Dear Ukrainians! Everyone who supports our state and the traditions of our society. Traditions that unite us with many others across the globe. Others, but not different. Not different in our attitude to life, to what makes us all human and safeguards the human soul. People are all different – as individuals and as representatives of their communities and cultures. Yet, we all hold in our hearts a respect for life, for those we spend our daily life with, and we all strive to feel that our hearts are united – united by peace. And such unity is truly felt when we are sincere, when we do not betray our souls, and when we boldly stand up for life. These are always special moments – when the different feel that they are not apart, and when even opponents are united by the brightest in people, when prayer unites. I am glad that Kyiv is one of those capitals where freedom reigns and people can freely practice their faith. I am proud of all those who defend our freedom and, despite all the power of Russian evil, prove that our united strength is more effective. And I thank all those whose prayers in this pre-Christmas period will echo with one plea – a plea for victory. For the victory of the human soul over aggression. For the victory of our unity over any self-serving interests that might divide us. And for the victory of Ukraine – over the evil that has come to our land and must be expelled. Ruslan, Mr. Speaker, thank you for uniting us! Thank you to everyone who participates in this year's prayer breakfast! May the Lord hear all our sincere prayers. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine