1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309053244/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=36 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Joint Statement by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the State of Israel Isaac Herzog 5 October 2021 - 18:21 The Presidents reaffirmed the desire of both countries to maintain active political dialogue and bilateral cooperation in trade, economic, investment, scientific and technical, cultural and humanitarian fields, and to encourage contacts between representatives of business, scientific and academic circles. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine and Israel have great investment potential, in particular in the field of innovation, space, cybersecurity, healthcare 5 October 2021 - 16:44 For Ukraine, Israel is an important partner in the Middle East, and the Free Trade Agreement opens up new opportunities for expanding bilateral cooperation. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with President of the State of Israel Isaac Herzog in Kyiv. Ukraine is grateful to Israel for the principled support of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our state - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 October 2021 - 16:16 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy notes the principled support of the State of Israel for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine. He said this in a joint statement with Israeli President Isaac Herzog after talks in Kyiv. Meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and Israel began in Kyiv 5 October 2021 - 13:54 The official meeting ceremony of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the State of Israel Isaac Herzog, who is on a state visit to our country, took place in Kyiv. President emphasizes the need to enhance the information campaign on the importance of vaccination against COVID-19 and intensify vaccination of citizens 4 October 2021 - 15:33 The situation with the spread of COVID-19 in Ukraine, the readiness of medical institutions to work with an increasing number of patients, the fight against forgery of PCR tests and vaccination certificates were discussed at a conference call on countering the COVID-19 pandemic chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I came to change the country, I don't need power for the sake of power 3 October 2021 - 15:18 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that he does not seek the concentration of power and starts dealing with certain problems when they become large-scale or dangerous and the government does not have enough powers to solve them. He stated this during a press conference in Truskavets. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Comprehensive plan for Ukraine's transformation should contribute to economic growth and, in particular, reintegration of Donbas 3 October 2021 - 13:47 Ukraine's transformation plan, which was recently discussed by deputies at a meeting in Truskavets, should systematically contribute to GDP growth and investment, as well as infrastructure development in the east of the country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference in the Lviv region. Head of State: I am ready to meet with Vladimir Putin in both vis-a-vis and Normandy format 3 October 2021 - 13:35 resident of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy would like to meet with President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin in both vis-a-vis and Normandy format, as such talks will be substantive and effective. Ukraine always returns its citizens, including Saakashvili - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 October 2021 - 13:13 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that he is using all his opportunities to release Ukrainian citizens and return them to Ukraine, including Ukrainian citizen Mikheil Saakashvili. With such legislative initiatives as the law on oligarchs, I defend the statehood of Ukraine - President 3 October 2021 - 13:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that his meetings with representatives of big business should be public, as their main consequence is political responsibility. The Head of State said this during a press conference in the Lviv region. 1 2 ... 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine