7 captures 06 Feb 2023 - 23 May 2025 Jan FEB Mar 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230206022614/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=30 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The NSDC decision on sanctions against Russia's nuclear industry has been put into effect, and this is not the last decision on this industry - address by the President of Ukraine 5 February 2023 - 21:09 View all videos n latest news The NSDC decision on sanctions against Russia's nuclear industry has been put into effect, and this is not the last decision on this industry - address by the President of Ukraine 5 February 2023 - 21:06 To preserve all elements of our stability is to guarantee victory – address of President of Ukraine 4 February 2023 - 20:05 President emphasizes: every defender of Ukraine released from captivity should feel that the state is grateful to him, takes care of him and guides him through life – Yermak on release of 116 soldiers 4 February 2023 - 17:04 Ihor Zhovkva discusses Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration with President of NATO PA 4 February 2023 - 09:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the EU-Ukraine Summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 17:26 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – During the negotiations with Russia, the Ukrainian delegation officially outlined its proposals for a new system of security guarantees for our country 29 March 2022 - 17:20 During the talks with Russia in Turkey, the Ukrainian party officially outlined its proposals for a new system of security guarantees for Ukraine. This was announced by Head of the Ukrainian delegation, Head of the Servant of the People faction David Arakhamia. In Ukraine, a special award will be given to corporations that quickly and completely left Russia - Andriy Yermak 27 March 2022 - 22:36 "With great gratitude from the Ukrainian people at this turning point in our history. They deserve the respect of Ukrainians and people around the world. After all, indifference and silence are complicity," he stressed. Ukraine insists on a system of security guarantees - Mykhailo Podolyak 26 March 2022 - 17:01 One of the key elements of the negotiations on ending the aggressive war launched by the Russian Federation on the territory of Ukraine is the creation of a system of clear and reliable security guarantees for our state. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview for the German media Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. Today, ten humanitarian corridors have been agreed in the Kyiv, Luhansk and Donetsk regions - Iryna Vereshchuk 26 March 2022 - 12:52 As of March 26, ten humanitarian corridors have been agreed in Ukraine to evacuate people from settlements affected by the Russian invasion. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Iryna Vereshchuk. Israel could become one of the guarantors of the international agreement on security guarantees for Ukraine, as it should understand us like no other - Andriy Yermak 24 March 2022 - 15:42 Ukraine would like the State of Israel to be one of the guarantors of a major international treaty that would provide clear security guarantees for our country after the end of the war with Russia. Ukraine also hopes for an effective mediation role of Israel in ending the war and more powerful assistance to our country. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during a conversation with the Israeli media. As a result of talks with Russia, Ukraine expects an end to aggression and withdrawal of Russian troops from Ukrainian territory - Andriy Yermak 22 March 2022 - 20:45 As part of the negotiation process with the Russian Federation, Ukraine expects to reach an agreement on ending the armed aggression against our state and withdrawing Russian troops from Ukrainian territory. This was stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak during a video meeting at the Royal Institute of International Affairs Chatham House (UK). Andriy Yermak held a meeting with the leadership of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and diplomats on the delivery of humanitarian aid to Ukraine 20 March 2022 - 10:49 During the event, the key directions in this work for the near future, as well as existing issues and ways to resolve them immediately were discussed. Seven humanitarian corridors are to be opened in the Kyiv, Donetsk and Kharkiv regions today - Deputy Prime Minister 20 March 2022 - 10:19 The Deputy Prime Minister expressed hope for the effectiveness of today's humanitarian corridors. Ten humanitarian corridors have been agreed upon in Ukraine on March 19 - Iryna Vereshchuk 19 March 2022 - 11:50 As of March 19, ten humanitarian corridors have been agreed upon to evacuate residents of settlements affected by the Russian invasion. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Iryna Vereshchuk. As of March 18, nine humanitarian corridors have been agreed upon, and a hotline for information on war prisoners and missing persons has been launched - Iryna Vereshchuk 18 March 2022 - 10:09 As of March 18, nine humanitarian corridors have been agreed upon in Ukraine to evacuate people from settlements affected by shelling by Russian troops. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Iryna Vereshchuk. 1 2 ... 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 ... 36 37 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine