3 captures 09 Dec 2022 - 29 Sep 2023 Nov DEC Jan 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221209185523/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nadannyam-zbroyi-krayini-yes-dopomagayut-ukrayini-vitisniti-75933 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos To involve the world in the implementation of the peace formula is now one of the key tasks for Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 December 2022 - 20:05 View all videos n latest news To involve the world in the implementation of the peace formula is now one of the key tasks for Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 December 2022 - 20:04 There must be a single legal front that will overcome Russia's genocidal policy - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's speech at "UA: Human Rights in Dark Times" International Conference in Kyiv 9 December 2022 - 15:26 Guaranteeing the security of the Mykolaiv region and its ports will be the next step towards ensuring global food security - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the TRT World Forum 2022 in Istanbul 9 December 2022 - 13:03 The spirit of Ukraine is the spirit of freedom that echoes in the souls of people around the world - President's speech at the Time event dedicated to the announcement of remarkable people and events of 2022 9 December 2022 - 11:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in "UA: Human Rights in Dark Times" International Conference in Kyiv 9 December 2022 - 14:54 Go to all galleries Home News Current events By providing weapons, EU countries help Ukraine oust the aggressor from its land, not attack other states - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 June 2022 - 19:00 By providing weapons to Ukraine, the countries of the European Union, in particular Italy, are strengthening the defense capabilities of the Ukrainian army and the ability of our state to oust the aggressor from its land. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the opening of the ISPI Global Policy Forum (Milan, Italy). "Italy, you do not support the offensive of the Ukrainian army, you support the defense capabilities of our state. Wherever we attack is our land. We just want to drive the Russian army out of our independent land. We do not cross borders, we do not kill civilians, citizens of the Russian Federation, despite their position on this war. We are an adequate nation that strives for independence. Therefore, I urge you to continue to support us," the President said, answering questions from Forum participants. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that Ukrainians simply want to live in their country within internationally recognized borders, they do not need foreign territories. "And we defend what is ours. We are very motivated people. In addition to our independence, home and family, we have values. We defend the values we share with Europeans - and this is the second motivation. And third, we want to show everyone that Ukraine is not afraid of even the world's second army. We show the example of an independent state and the example of the struggle of an independent people," the President said. The Head of State noted that the protection of common European values is a unifying factor for Ukrainians. "The fact that we are heading to the European Union and may receive EU candidate status this week will only strengthen our forces," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the European Union countries that are fighting against Russia politically, with sanctions, and supporting the Ukrainian army with weapons. According to the President, Ukraine is equal to other EU countries, and the European Union should do for it what it is doing now for its member states. "And since we are today an outpost of protection of these values, probably it is necessary to do a little more for us than for other countries. Because it is more difficult for us now," Volodymyr Zelenskyy added. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine