4 captures 14 Sep 2022 - 22 Jan 2026 Aug SEP Oct 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220914033540/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-oznajomiv-radnikiv-glav-derzhav-ta-uryadiv-kra-77761 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Together with our troops and our flag, ordinary normal life comes to the de-occupied territory - address by the President of Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 22:13 View all videos n latest news Together with our troops and our flag, ordinary normal life comes to the de-occupied territory - address by the President of Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 22:10 Andriy Yermak familiarized the advisors to the heads of state and government of the countries of Eastern Europe and the Baltic countries with the developed recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 21:06 A regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief was held 13 September 2022 - 20:08 Kyrylo Tymoshenko and the Japanese parliamentary delegation discussed participation in the Fast Recovery Plan and the restoration of the infrastructure of the Kharkiv region 13 September 2022 - 19:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the annual meeting of the Yalta European Strategy 9 September 2022 - 19:04 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak familiarized the advisors to the heads of state and government of the countries of Eastern Europe and the Baltic countries with the developed recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 21:06 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held an online meeting of the "Kyiv Initiative" format with the participation of the foreign policy advisors to the heads of state and government of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Hungary. Andriy Yermak noted the importance of continuing and developing the dialogue in the new format, which was launched in Kyiv on August 22. He informed the participants of the meeting about the package of recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine prepared by the International Working Group under the leadership of Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that as a result of the war waged by Russia against Ukraine, our state must fully restore its territorial integrity within internationally recognized borders, the post-war recovery and reconstruction of our country must be ensured, and the accession to European and Euro-Atlantic structures must be accelerated. "In order to successfully implement these tasks, Ukraine must get a guaranteed safety after the war. This means that we should receive reliable international security guarantees for the time period until Ukraine becomes a full member of the EU and NATO," he said. The Head of the Office of the President is convinced that it is important to formulate a vision of future security guarantees for Ukraine already now, and the report prepared by international experts provides answers to these questions. Andriy Yermak emphasized that the security guarantees for Ukraine should outline a number of obligations undertaken by the group of guarantors. They should be binding on the basis of bilateral agreements, but combined in the framework of a joint document on strategic partnership called the "Kyiv Security Compact". The Head of the President's Office noted that the package of recommendations on security guarantees will be used as a basis for further negotiations with international partners regarding Ukraine's obtaining of effective and legally binding security guarantees. Andriy Yermak is convinced that this is in the interests not only of Ukraine, but also of the entire European continent, primarily Central and Eastern Europe. He asked the present advisors to the heads of state and government of the Eastern European and Baltic countries to convey the content of the Yermak-Rasmussen group's report to their leaders. The participants of the meeting expressed their interest in studying the prepared recommendations and further discussion in order to elaborate positions on the issue of security guarantees for Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine