8 captures 04 Apr 2023 - 12 Oct 2025 Mar APR May 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230404171105/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-chernigivshini-prezident-oglyanuv-naslidki-zlochiniv-rosi-82049 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The enemy of freedom must lose, that is why we ask the USA for support - speech by the President of Ukraine at an online meeting with members of the U.S. National Association of Governors 4 April 2023 - 19:52 View all videos n latest news The enemy of freedom must lose, that is why we ask the USA for support - speech by the President of Ukraine at an online meeting with members of the U.S. National Association of Governors 4 April 2023 - 19:53 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of politicians, businessmen and representatives of charitable organizations of the United States led by Mike Pompeo 4 April 2023 - 10:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the delegation of the House of Representatives of the U.S. Congress 3 April 2023 - 23:26 Every day we are getting stronger, every day we are getting closer to the day when the terrorist state will be held to account - address by the President of Ukraine 3 April 2023 - 22:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Chernihiv region 3 April 2023 - 15:18 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President saw the consequences of crimes committed by the Russian occupiers in the village of Yahidne, Chernihiv region 3 April 2023 - 15:28 During a working trip to the Chernihiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, together with Vice Chancellor, Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Climate Action of Germany Robert Habeck and Secretary General of the Council of Europe Marija Pejčinović Burić saw the consequences of the occupation of the village of Yahidne by Russian troops and the war crimes committed by them. The Head of State, together with foreign guests, visited the school, in the basement of which the occupiers kept 367 civilians in unsanitary conditions, without water and food, from March 3 to March 30, 2022. Among the hostages were 50 children, including several babies - the youngest was one and a half months old. 11 people died, unable to withstand the inhumane conditions. Ten were shot by Russian invaders. The President of Ukraine and the European guests talked with the villagers who were kept in the basement of the school. "Thank you for the fact that you survived, managed to wait for our warriors and to tell the whole world about the tragedy that the Russian Federation, the Russian military, together with their leadership, their President, have brought to our land," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The Head of State noted that the residents of Yahidne have lived through terrible ordeals. According to him, about 400 people lived in this village before the occupation, and almost 370 people were kept in the school basement with an area of less than 200 square meters. "They have been kept in the basement for 27 days. They survived – standing and sitting. 11 people, unfortunately, died. And all these people somehow lived in the dark and waited for the return of Ukraine," he said. The President said that the prisoners wrote the names and dates of death of fellow villagers on the walls in the dark so as not to forget. And the children wrote the lines of the national anthem of Ukraine. "It is extremely important that these people survived. It is extremely important that our troops de-occupy such settlements with real heroes every day," added Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The Head of State emphasized the importance of the presence of representatives of our partners in the liberated territories of Ukraine, who can see everything with their own eyes. "It is important to be in such basements in order to understand, in order to help Ukraine. To think about how to find a way to talk with the Russian Federation," the President noted. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also thanked the local residents and the authorities who fought for their lives every day during the Russian occupation. As a result of military aggression, all 173 houses in the village of Yahidne were damaged, 16 of them were destroyed. In addition, the communal property was destroyed - a cultural center and a first aid station. The school building was heavily damaged. According to Vyacheslav Chaus, Head of the Chernihiv Regional Military Administration, thanks to funding from the state and regional budgets, thanks to volunteers and the Latvian government, which allocated funds for building materials and reconstruction, more than 100 houses were reconstructed last year. ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Chernihiv region 3 April 2023 - 15:18 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Chernihiv region 3 April 2023 - 15:18 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine