1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032950/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=48 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak held a second meeting with representatives of foreign diplomatic missions on the implementation of the points of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula Pursuant to the President's instructions, Head of the Office of the President of U 5 July 2023 - 22:40 The meeting was a continuation of the previous consultations held on June 30 this year. Special attention within the meeting held at the Coordination Headquarters for the Treatment of Prisoners of War was paid to consultations on the release of military and civilian prisoners held by Russia. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a conversation with the Secretary of State of the Holy See 5 July 2023 - 21:51 The Head of the President's Office expressed gratitude to Pietro Parolin for his willingness to facilitate the process of returning Ukrainian children illegally deported by Russia to their homeland. Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with the university community of Argentina: We want Latin America to join the support of the Peace Formula 5 July 2023 - 21:31 Ukraine seeks to increase support for the Peace Formula from Latin American countries, including Argentina, as the points of the Formula are related to overcoming all crises caused by Russian aggression. No one in the world should be left alone with the enemy of freedom who uses ecocide as his weapon and threatens with radiation catastrophe - President's address to the university community of Argentina 5 July 2023 - 21:25 The nations and states of Latin America can do so much to protect freedom and the right of every people to freedom! We are working with our partners as hard as we can to ensure that our common security in Vilnius prevails; it all depends on our partners - address by the President of Ukraine 5 July 2023 - 19:03 There is exactly one week left until the key day of the NATO Summit in Vilnius. That means a week until the key moment for our common security in Europe. Briefing for diplomats of the Baltic States and Northern Europe on countering full-scale invasion of Russia was held in the Office of the President of Ukraine 5 July 2023 - 13:48 During the briefing, the diplomats were informed about the general situation in Ukraine, the current situation on the frontline and the assessment of the prospects for further actions of Russian troops, which continue to strive to reach the administrative borders of Donetsk and Luhansk regions and retain the land corridor to the temporarily occupied Crimea. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Emmanuel Macron discussed security assistance and the occupiers' preparation of a provocation at the ZNPP 4 July 2023 - 23:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with President of France Emmanuel Macron. The world sees that the only source of danger to the Zaporizhzhia NPP is Russia - address by the President of Ukraine 4 July 2023 - 23:13 Russian terrorists want to become exemplary in the way they destroy life. We will become exemplary in the way we protect life and in the way life then responds - justly and inevitably - to every blow inflicted to every terrorist. Andriy Yermak, together with American diplomats and businessmen, visited an exhibition dedicated to Ukraine's fight against Russian aggression and US assistance in this war 4 July 2023 - 21:45 Andriy Yermak and US Ambassador to Ukraine Bridget Brink, along with other participants of the meeting, watched, among other things, new exhibitions about the US assistance to Ukraine in the war of liberation against the Russian occupiers. President of Ukraine had a phone call with NATO Secretary General 4 July 2023 - 19:58 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg on the eve of the NATO Summit in Vilnius on July 11-12. 1 2 ... 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine