1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309053602/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=40 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President: We will never forget the price at which Kyiv was liberated from the Nazi invaders 6 November 2021 - 12:11 On the 78th anniversary of the liberation of Kyiv from the Nazi invaders, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy laid flowers in the memorial hall of the Monument - Museum of the Liberation of Kyiv, located on the territory of the National Museum-Reserve "Battle for Kyiv in 1943" in the village of Novi Petrivtsi, Kyiv region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe 5 November 2021 - 20:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe Marija Pejčinović Burić. President immediately signed the anti-oligarchic law passed by the Verkhovna Rada 5 November 2021 - 15:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy immediately signed Law № 1780-IX adopted by the Verkhovna Rada “On Prevention of Threats to National Security Related to Excessive Influence of Persons Who Have Significant Economic and Political Weight in Public Life (Oligarchs)”. Ihor Zhovkva in Bucharest discussed Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic prospects and the development of Ukrainian-Romanian relations 4 November 2021 - 19:56 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva, who was on a visit to Romania on November 3-4, held working consultations with State Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of this country Dănuţ-Sebastian Neculaescu. President introduced newly appointed Minister of Defense Oleksiy Reznikov 4 November 2021 - 17:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy introduced newly appointed Minister of Defense Oleksiy Reznikov to the Ministry of Defense and the General Staff of the Armed Forces. President: Community safety begins where the street is lit at night, where people are not afraid to turn to the police 4 November 2021 - 13:22 The Ukrainian state, together with local authorities and territorial communities, must create a safe environment for every Ukrainian. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Safe Community" in Kyiv. On a submission from Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Verkhovna Rada appointed Oleksiy Reznikov Minister of Defense of Ukraine 4 November 2021 - 11:42 Presenting Oleksiy Reznikov's candidacy for the post of Defense Minister in the session hall of the parliament, Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed confidence that the new minister, like his predecessor, would work to strengthen Ukraine's defense capabilities. Roman Mashovets discussed security situation in the region and bilateral defense cooperation with Canadian Ambassador to Ukraine 3 November 2021 - 17:52 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets met with Ambassador of Canada to Ukraine Larisa Galadza to discuss the security situation around our country and ways to further develop Ukrainian-Canadian cooperation in the field of security and defense. The government should present a program to support SMEs that comply with quarantine norms - meeting with the President 3 November 2021 - 14:50 The President of Ukraine proposed to the Cabinet of Ministers to present a program to support small and medium-sized businesses that comply with the sanitary and epidemiological norms introduced due to the COVID-19 pandemic, in particular in the regions with a "red" level of epidemic danger. Roman Mashovets and US Defense Attaché discussed ways to implement Ukrainian-US security and defense agreements 3 November 2021 - 13:06 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with US Defense Attaché Brittany Stewart and other representatives of the US Embassy in Ukraine and discussed practical ways to implement the next stage of bilateral security and defense agreements. 1 2 ... 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine