8 captures 23 Sep 2024 - 02 Jul 2025 Aug SEP Oct 23 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240923063118/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-zrobili-vazhlivij-krok-na-shlyahu-do-stvorennya-spectribu-93337 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos This Fall Will Determine What Comes Next in This War – Address by the President 22 September 2024 - 22:11 View all videos n latest news President Visited Scranton Army Ammunition Plant 23 September 2024 - 01:58 This Fall Will Determine What Comes Next in This War – Address by the President 22 September 2024 - 22:07 Ukraine Has to Defend Children's Right to Education from Russian Aggression – Olena Zelenska at the UN Summit of the Future 22 September 2024 - 09:30 We Will Continue to Talk with Partners about the Need for Full Long-Range Capabilities for Ukraine – Address by the President 21 September 2024 - 20:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President and the First Lady to the U.S. for Participation in the Events of the 79th UN General Assembly 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office We Have Made an Important Step Towards the Creation of a Special Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression – Iryna Mudra 18 September 2024 - 14:27 In Vienna, a Ukrainian delegation led by Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Iryna Mudra held the 11th meeting of the Core Group focused on establishing a special tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. As a result, the participants reached an agreement on the general concept for the creation of the special tribunal. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office emphasized that this meeting was pivotal in determining the model of the tribunal, which will be established through an agreement with the Council of Europe. The Core Group moved from general discussions about the tribunal’s format to the talks on the draft Statute. “Ukrainians are waiting for justice to be restored. We cannot afford a delay. The creation of this special tribunal is a moral obligation for the entire world. It’s not just about Ukraine; it’s about the future of international law, the rule of law, and global peace,” emphasized Iryna Mudra. The meeting included 41 delegations, all of which confirmed that those responsible for the crime of aggression against Ukraine will be held accountable and outlined the next steps toward establishing the special tribunal. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine