1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224043813/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Roman Mashovets discussed security situation in the region and bilateral defense cooperation with Canadian Ambassador to Ukraine 3 November 2021 - 17:52 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets met with Ambassador of Canada to Ukraine Larisa Galadza to discuss the security situation around our country and ways to further develop Ukrainian-Canadian cooperation in the field of security and defense. Roman Mashovets and US Defense Attaché discussed ways to implement Ukrainian-US security and defense agreements 3 November 2021 - 13:06 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with US Defense Attaché Brittany Stewart and other representatives of the US Embassy in Ukraine and discussed practical ways to implement the next stage of bilateral security and defense agreements. Ihor Zhovkva discussed with the Estonian President's Foreign Affairs Adviser the security situation in Donbas and Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic course 2 November 2021 - 16:39 The interlocutors positively noted the high dynamics of the dialogue between the countries and the mutual readiness for further comprehensive development of bilateral relations, which have the level of interstate partnership. Ihor Zhovkva and the Chair of the European Parliament Delegation to the Euronest PA discussed the priorities for the development of the Eastern Partnership 28 October 2021 - 18:51 The main topic of the meeting was the further development of the Eastern Partnership, in particular in the context of the Summit of this initiative scheduled for December. Roman Mashovets and British Ambassador discussed preparations for the visit of the President of Ukraine to Great Britain 28 October 2021 - 17:32 Key attention was paid to security, defense and military-technical areas. Ihor Zhovkva and the EU Special Representative discussed systemic human rights violations in the temporarily occupied territories of Crimea and Donbas 21 October 2021 - 18:23 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with EU Special Representative for Human Rights Eamon Gilmore. Ihor Zhovkva: The 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit was one of the most successful in the history of our country's relations with the European Union 12 October 2021 - 19:56 The 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit held in Kyiv on October 12 with the participation of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the European Council Charles Michel and President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen was an important stage in developing political dialogue and deepening integration between our country and the European Union. This was stated by Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva. Andriy Yermak held a meeting with the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State in the Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs Robin Dunnigan 8 October 2021 - 16:54 Andriy Yermak and Robin Dunnigan discussed the preparations for the meeting of the renewed Strategic Partnership Commission, including the signing of the renewed Charter of Strategic Partnership between Ukraine and the United States. Ihor Zhovkva and representatives of the Estonian government discussed support for Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic integration 5 October 2021 - 19:11 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Secretary of State of the Government of Estonia Taimar Peterkop and Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia Jonatan Vseviov who are on a visit to Ukraine at the head of a representative delegation of eight ministries and the government apparatus of the Republic of Estonia. Andriy Yermak called on the participants of the working meeting on judicial reform to hold an open dialogue in order to implement the necessary changes as soon as possible 30 September 2021 - 22:00 A working meeting on the state of implementation of judicial reform in Ukraine was held at the President's Office with the participation of the ambassadors of the G7 countries. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 13 14 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine