12 captures 24 Sep 2021 - 05 May 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224055212/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-u-stenfordskomu-universiteti-obgovorila-pitan-70537 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska at Stanford University discusses issues of inclusive activity, equal access, needs of students and teachers with disabilities 3 September 2021 - 11:20 As part of the working visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States, First Lady Olena Zelenska met with the leadership of the Diversity and Access Office of Stanford University, which deals with issues of ensuring equal access and the needs of students and teachers with disabilities and inclusive activity. Interaction programs for the exchange of experience of inclusive practices with universities in the world, plans to improve work towards ensuring the special educational needs of students and creating conditions for teachers in the United States, as well as providing online education at Stanford University, were discussed at the meeting. "In Ukraine, inclusive approaches are becoming a priority because it is a response to the request of people with special needs and the entire Ukrainian society," Zelenska said. The Diversity and Access Office is committed to ensuring equal educational opportunities for all individuals, regardless of race, nationality, religion or sexual orientation. It exists at Stanford University, founded in 1885. Now about 55% of men and 45% of women study at the university. Stanford University is an international organization that educates students from all 50 U.S. states and 91 countries of the world. The university unites seven schools and 18 interdisciplinary institutes, in which more than 15,000 students study, of which 3,000 are persons with disabilities. The Office pays special attention to the issue of providing appropriate learning conditions for people with disabilities, which is an important element of the overall policy of the university. "Our main goal is to ensure the inclusion and participation of students in the educational process involving their potential as much as possible. That is, we seek to reveal the unique capabilities of each our student. Every student is unique to us. Every student is different," ADA Program Compliance Director at the Diversity and Access Office Rosa Gonzalez said. The curriculum at the university is designed personally for each student. The university has accessible classes. Interpretation of lectures into sign language is provided. Special instructions are sent to each teacher to give extra time for passing the exam or take into account the student's need to take a test or exam in a separate room. Assistants who convert a text into large print, digitize and interpret it in Braille language are also engaged. Students have the opportunity to upload their medical certificates to a special system, and add a specific request for the provision of educational services. "Our task is to make sure that people with disabilities are noticed. So that they can be among other students, and they understand that we are all equal," ADA (Americans with Disabilities Act) Program Director at the Diversity and Access Office Sheila Sanchez said. Olena Zelenska, together with the President of Ukraine, arrived in the United States. The program of the First Lady's visit includes a number of meetings and events, in particular the opening of the Ukrainian House, as well as the launch of the first Ukrainian-language audio guide in the United States. ph President’s visit to the United States 31 August 2021 - 09:03 ph President’s visit to the United States 31 August 2021 - 09:03 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine