17 captures 05 Oct 2022 - 15 Jun 2025 Sep OCT Nov 05 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221005184003/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-u-polshi-zustrilasya-z-agatoyu-korngauzer-dud-78293 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must create a Special Tribunal on the crime of aggression against Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the public debate "War and Law" in Paris 5 October 2022 - 10:00 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska met with Agata Kornhauser-Duda in Poland and spoke at the Warsaw Security Forum 5 October 2022 - 12:32 President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 5 October 2022 - 12:22 We must create a Special Tribunal on the crime of aggression against Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the public debate "War and Law" in Paris 5 October 2022 - 09:51 The Ukrainian army is carrying out a pretty fast and powerful advance in the south of our country - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 October 2022 - 22:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to Poland 5 October 2022 - 12:35 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska met with Agata Kornhauser-Duda in Poland and spoke at the Warsaw Security Forum 5 October 2022 - 12:32 The wife of the President of Ukraine Olena Zelenska paid a visit to the Republic of Poland, during which she held a meeting with the first lady of this country Agata Kornhauser-Duda, spoke at the Warsaw Security Forum and received the Knight of Freedom Award awarded to the Ukrainian people. Olena Zelenska began her visit with a meeting with the First Lady of the Republic of Poland. The wife of the President of Ukraine thanked her colleague for the unchanging position of Poland - clear messages of support for our country were heard during the speech of President Andrzej Duda at the 77th session of the UN General Assembly in New York. Olena Zelenska noted that supporting Ukraine is an investment in the future for the whole world. She spoke about a new opportunity for such support - Olena Zelenska Foundation, which she recently presented in New York. "This is a new way to participate in the recovery of Ukraine through the restoration of education, medicine or humanitarian aid. I will be happy to present all these directions in Poland," she said. The wife of the President of Ukraine thanked Agata Kornhauser-Duda for her personal assistance in the treatment of Ukrainian children in medical institutions in Poland and other countries. The first ladies discussed a new format of cooperation between the two countries in the field of medicine - the exchange of experience between Ukrainian and Polish doctors in the field of providing care to patients with severe burn injuries. "Such cooperation is extremely urgent, because as a result of the military aggression against Ukraine, we have a large number of victims with explosive and burn injuries," said Olena Zelenska. Together with Agata Kornhauser-Duda, the First Lady of Ukraine visited the Children's Health Protection Institute in Warsaw, where evacuated Ukrainian children are being treated. It is not only a clinic, but also a research center. More than 7,000 surgeries are conducted here every year. The institute also hosts about a thousand students who are doing internships here. In addition, 400 children's doctors of various specialties have the opportunity to study and exchange experience at the institution. The hospital also has a simulation training center where special devices teach how to conduct surgeries. Currently, 11 children from Ukraine are being treated at the Institute, the youngest boy is only four years old, but he is fighting cancer like a real hero and patiently follows all the doctors' instructions. Olena Zelenska thanked the employees of the institution and Professor Piotr Czauderna, whose efforts facilitated the creation of the Unicorn Hub in Poland for the evacuation of children from the West Ukrainian Specialized Children's Medical Center in Lviv. "This is an incredible rescue story. Throughout my visit to Poland, I express gratitude. And here I continue to do it. Our countries have incredible relations. And here I see a practical embodiment not only in helping, but also in saving our children. The evacuation process will be included in textbooks. Thank you to everyone involved," said the First Lady. During her visit to Poland, Olena Zelenska also spoke at the annual Warsaw Security Forum (WSF). Olena Zelenska thanked Poland for the principled and broad support for Ukraine. "I would like to urge everyone present here not to be afraid to take the risk of standing on the right side - as Poland is doing. After all, as I already said, this is a war of values. It is impossible forWe can’t let Russia set a precedent so that aggression becomes the way of solving problems in the world. We can’t make the rockets falling on residential buildings an acceptable argument for everyone. We can’t let nuclear blackmail become our usual life," she emphasized. During the Warsaw Security Forum, the President's wife received the Knight of Freedom Award awarded to the people of Ukraine. This award is presented by the Casimir Pulaski Foundation to outstanding figures who contributed to the popularization of General Pulaski's values: freedom, justice and democracy. This year, the organizers awarded the Ukrainian people who are resisting Russian aggression. "There is a well-known Polish motto: 'For our freedom and yours.' Thank you for being with us. We know that you will be with us until the end. Until our victory and yours," said Olena Zelenska. The First Lady also met with Ukrainian temporary migrants in Poland and representatives of the Ukrainian community in that country. "I am glad that you are right here, in Poland, in the country that first opened its doors to us when the Russian attack took place. Because this is a truly fraternal country that shares with us the biggest ordeal during this war," she emphasized. ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to Poland 5 October 2022 - 12:35 ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to Poland 5 October 2022 - 12:35 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine