12 captures 09 Dec 2024 - 11 Nov 2025 Nov DEC Jan 09 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241209180502/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kadrovi-zmini-vidbulisya-same-dlya-togo-shob-perezavantazhit-94905 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Personnel Changes Have Been Made Specifically to Reboot the System of Training for Our Warriors – Address by the President 9 December 2024 - 19:41 View all videos n latest news Personnel Changes Have Been Made Specifically to Reboot the System of Training for Our Warriors – Address by the President 9 December 2024 - 19:36 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Friedrich Merz Discussed Military Assistance and Steps to Establish a Just Peace 9 December 2024 - 14:41 Paris Hosted a Trilateral Meeting Between Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Emmanuel Macron and Donald Trump 7 December 2024 - 20:40 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Salome Zourabichvili Discussed the Situation in Georgia 7 December 2024 - 19:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to France 7 December 2024 - 17:28 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Personnel Changes Have Been Made Specifically to Reboot the System of Training for Our Warriors – Address by the President 9 December 2024 - 19:36 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today, I held a meeting of the Staff. One of the key issues was the quality of training of our warriors. This is an area that requires significant changes. Personnel changes have been made specifically to reboot the system of training for our warriors. Oleh Apostol and Mykhailo Drapatyi will be responsible for this. Today marked the beginning of the relevant discussions at our Staff meeting. I gave instructions to prepare a detailed report for the next meeting of the Staff. Right now, a review must be conducted to identify what needs immediate change, what must be corrected, what should be added, and who else needs to be replaced. Everything necessary can be provided – both at the organizational level and in terms of funding. It is the quality of training that largely determines the effectiveness of our warriors in battles, and of course, the preservation of the lives of our men. Today, there was a report from Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi about the frontlines, the defense of our positions, all key directions, and the Kursk operation. My gratitude goes to all our warriors who are destroying the occupiers. There was also a separate report from Pavlo Palisa regarding the amount of direct funds allocated to brigades specifically for the additional procurement of drones. A decision was recently made on the sum of these direct funds, but it’s now clear that the amount is still insufficient. I have instructed the Prime Minister to increase funding for the brigades significantly in the coming days. Important international meetings took place today. Estonia's new Prime Minister, Kristen Michal, paid his very first visit specifically to Ukraine. We are grateful for all forms of support – defensive, political, and humanitarian. Thank you to Estonia and to all the Baltic states. We discussed how to achieve greater results in defending our land and people from Russia – in defending our Europe. One of the key topics was equipping the brigades. Ukraine is grateful to France and President Macron for training one brigade, and we will now hold discussions with the French side about training a second brigade. Additionally, in Europe – specifically in Germany – the U.S. is now training a Ukrainian brigade. This is important. And we also talked to our partners, the Nordics, the countries of Northern Europe, that they, together with the Baltic states, could also prepare one more brigade. This will be a very tangible contribution to the defense of Europe. Of course, we also discussed upcoming events with the Estonian Prime Minister. Today, Friedrich Merz, the leader of the German opposition, also visited Ukraine. We are thankful to Germany for leadership in Europe in the scale of the support and, in particular, its contributions to developing our air defense. Thousands of lives have already been saved thanks to the air defense systems and other weapons Germany has provided. We can do much more, and we are raising this issue at all levels. Today, several important topics were discussed. The first was an invitation to NATO. The second point is that I appreciate Merz’s position – it is both truthful and fair – that it is unjust and ineffective for Ukraine to fight with one hand tied behind its back. We need Taurus missiles, as well as other long-range missiles, to strike the necessary military – strictly military – targets in Russia. This is how we can end the war as quickly as possible. The weaker Russia’s military potential becomes, the sooner peace will be achieved. Ukraine has presented the points of the Victory Plan to its partners, and all partners are well aware of them. Everyone knows the points, both geopolitical and military ones. And we believe that the countries whose decisions determine the issues of NATO and long-range weapons for our defense, as well as all those countries that finance the production of weapons in Ukraine must have a common stance and full coordination. Europe, America, and other parts of the world must stand united for security because there is no such thing as partial security. If there is Russia, which destroys the lives of others, it will always affect everyone. We must stand together. And we have been discussing exactly this kind of coordination, such a group for Europe, and we have been preparing it, and in the near future we will organize such a meeting of a coordination group for Europe. It is important that everything happens in unity. Our approach to this group includes, at a minimum, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, and Poland. We also hope Denmark and other partners will join. Political coordination that matters. Unity, which gives success. We all need real peace. I am grateful to everyone who helps! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine