14 captures 10 Apr 2024 - 07 Nov 2025 Mar APR May 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240410012447/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-povinni-zrobiti-vse-shob-yaknajbilshe-nashih-mist-i-groma-90129 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must make every effort to protect as many of our cities and communities as possible – address by the President of Ukraine 9 April 2024 - 17:16 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska visited a clinic for the rehabilitation of Ukrainian defenders and the resilience center in the Rivne region 9 April 2024 - 21:31 Portugal Acknowledges Ukraine's Progress in Implementing Reforms 9 April 2024 - 19:20 Strengthening of air defense and methods of countering guided aerial bomb carriers: Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting in Kharkiv 9 April 2024 - 18:01 I am grateful to everyone who keeps the jobs for people — the President of Ukraine held a meeting with the business representatives in the Kharkiv region 9 April 2024 - 17:48 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kharkiv region 9 April 2024 - 14:57 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We must make every effort to protect as many of our cities and communities as possible – address by the President of Ukraine 9 April 2024 - 17:16 Dear Ukrainians! Today I’m in Kharkiv and the region. Numerous issues related to the city and the region were addressed. I watched the construction of fortifications. Shoring up this direction is very important. Russian terrorists must see the reinforcement of the Kharkiv region. I held a meeting with everyone responsible for the region’s protection and restoration of normal life after Russian strikes. I am proud of Kharkiv residents. I am grateful to everyone who has worked these weeks to give Kharkiv and the region more electricity, to ensure more protection from Russian strikes. There were reports on the physical protection of power facilities and the restoration of grids. All the necessary conditions are being created to reduce the electricity shortage. Kharkiv should get lighter schedules. Separately, government officials are working to help the city and the region overcome the existing energy challenges. There are some valid proposals, and we will provide the necessary funding. The government will make all the details public. I held a meeting with entrepreneurs from the Kharkiv region. I am grateful to everyone who stays in the city, who keeps jobs for people, who maintains a normal life. Russia's goal is clear: they want to do everything possible to drive people out of Kharkiv and the region. Whatever Putin touches becomes ruins. We must make every effort, both possible and impossible, to protect as many of our cities and communities as possible from him. Here in Kharkiv, I honored our people today – representatives of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, the National Guard, the police, and the State Emergency Service who help save lives and protect Ukraine. I presented state awards. But in fact, the entire city of Kharkiv and the Kharkiv region deserve our gratitude and honor, as does every Ukrainian community and person who refuses to bow to the enemy and makes every effort to safeguard life. All of our partners around the world must understand that trust in them and the future of the democratic free world can be achieved right now in cities such as Kharkiv, Zaporizhzhia, Kherson, many towns in the Sumy and Donetsk regions, Mykolaiv, Chernihiv, and Dnipropetrovsk regions – everywhere where air defense is required and the world's political will is needed to make decisions that will safeguard life and ensure victory over Russian terror. We have also made decisions to bolster air defense here in Kharkiv. Life must prevail. I am grateful to everyone in the world who understands this! I thank all our people who give Ukraine strength. Thank you, Kharkiv! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine