11 captures 21 Oct 2023 - 12 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231021215322/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nashi-voyini-zrobili-cej-tizhden-duzhe-potuzhnim-dlya-ukrayi-86517 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our warriors have made this week very significant for Ukraine – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 October 2023 - 19:47 View all videos n latest news Our warriors have made this week very significant for Ukraine – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 October 2023 - 19:43 Presidents of Ukraine and Türkiye discuss implementation of Peace Formula, development of bilateral relations 21 October 2023 - 16:37 Ihor Zhovkva discusses with European Commissioner for Environment implementation of Peace Formula, responsibility for environmental crimes 20 October 2023 - 22:41 Representatives of President's Office discuss implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula with Head of The Elders Mary Robinson 20 October 2023 - 22:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Our warriors have made this week very significant for Ukraine – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 October 2023 - 19:43 I wish good health to all Ukrainians, both men and women! Our active international work doesn't stop for a single day. Today, I spoke with President Erdoğan of Türkiye, and this marks the ninth international conversation this week. I have already talked to the President of Finland, the Prime Minister of Canada, the President of South Africa, the Prime Minister of Norway, as well as the President of France, the UN Secretary-General, the President of the United States, the Chancellor of Germany. The main goal in all these discussions is to protect lives and people, peaceful people, and prevent destabilization from spreading to other regions of the world, not let our work in consolidating the global majority for international law go to waste. I am grateful to all the leaders for their support and understanding that it's time for maximum joint efforts. With President Erdoğan, we discussed the situation in our Black Sea region, aggression against Ukraine, aggression against global security, and the situation in the Middle East. It is very important to protect peaceful people, it is very important to prevent the escalation of new large-scale humanitarian crises, and important to work together to quickly restore the full force of international law. We are actively preparing for a new Peace Formula meeting, which is scheduled for next week and will take place in Malta. Significant world powers will be represented, and the list of participants is growing practically every day. We expect over 50 participants. Today, President Erdoğan confirmed that Türkiye will participate in the meeting. We are also getting ready for a new summit of our Crimea Platform, at the parliamentary level. The number of participants is substantial. The summit will be held in the Czech Republic. I am grateful to everyone around the world who has joined and is ready to work with us at the parliamentary diplomacy level for the sake of security and peace throughout Europe, without any exceptions for any parts of our continent. A very significant step by President Biden this week – I am sincerely grateful for it. A new package of long-lasting and reliable support for Ukraine has been prepared – defense and economic – for our protection of people and freedom. I am thankful for this initiative by President Biden, and I believe that not only Ukrainians but all nations, all free nations in Europe, are expecting the preservation of American unity with our defense. American leadership is needed for the world, and I am grateful to both parties in Congress who understand this and support, in particular, our people's struggle for independence. And, of course, our warriors. Thank you to each and every one who is currently fighting, in combat positions, and at their posts! Avdiyivka direction, Maryinka. Bahmut direction. Kupiansk, Lyman directions. Our Zaporizhia. Our Kherson region. On the frontlines and deep within the occupied territory, our warriors have made this week very significant for Ukraine. Now, I want to express my gratitude to all our defense and security forces – absolutely all of you! Every unit, every warrior, every commander who has achieved the necessary combat results for our state during this week. Glory to you, warriors! Glory to our entire nation! I thank everyone around the world who is helping! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine