8 captures 15 May 2023 - 16 Nov 2025 Apr MAY Jun 15 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230515040734/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-zustrichayemos-u-gaazi-shob-nabliziti-mir-i-povernuti-spr-82665 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Europe and other parts of the world should not be a place where the ambitions of tyrants destroy the lives of nations - speech by President of Ukraine at the International Charlemagne Prize of Aachen award ceremony 14 May 2023 - 22:51 View all videos n latest news Joint Declaration by Ukraine and the French Republic 15 May 2023 - 01:35 President of Ukraine met with President of France in Paris 15 May 2023 - 01:29 The Charlemagne Prize, which this year was awarded to the Ukrainian people for their contribution to strengthening European unity and defending freedom, was presented in Aachen 14 May 2023 - 23:57 Europa und andere Teile der Welt sollten kein Ort sein, an dem die Ambitionen von Tyrannen das Leben von Völkern zerstören – Rede des Präsidenten der Ukraine bei der Verleihung des Internationalen Karlspreises in Aachen 14 May 2023 - 22:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the President of Ukraine to France 15 May 2023 - 00:15 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President of Ukraine following the negotiations with Prime Ministers of the Netherlands and Belgium: We are meeting in The Hague to bring peace closer and restore justice 4 May 2023 - 16:55 During an official visit to the Kingdom of the Netherlands, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte and Prime Minister of Belgium Alexander De Croo. The talks took place both one-on-one and in a trilateral format. Speaking to the media following the talks, Volodymyr Zelenskyy said: "We are meeting here in The Hague to bring peace closer and restore justice. We need justice." The President of Ukraine expressed gratitude to Mark Rutte and the people of the Netherlands for their powerful assistance in strengthening Ukraine's defense capabilities. “The Patriot and other weapons that the Netherlands provided us have already saved thousands of Ukrainian lives! Thank you!” he said. The Head of State thanked Prime Minister Alexander De Croo and the whole of Belgium for solidarity in the protection of common European values. “Thank you for your support of sanctions against Russia and aid packages for our country and people,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. During the talks, the parties focused on security issues. As the President of Ukraine emphasized, the main thing now is the speed of delivery of the promised weapons. “I have called on our partners, both the Netherlands and Belgium, to help us implement the agreements on military assistance – as quickly as possible. Very important is that we are working to create a coalition of armoured vehicles to complement the existing coalition of tanks. We hope that the Netherlands and Belgium, together with the Nordic countries and all our partners, will effectively support our initiative to create a coalition of armoured vehicles,” the Head of State emphasized. In addition, according to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, it is time to make positive decisions for Ukraine regarding modern aircraft. “There is no rational reason to postpone such decisions. To train our pilots and to strengthen the wings for Ukraine means to speed up the peace we all want,” the President noted. The interlocutors also discussed common Euro-Atlantic security. “De facto, Ukraine has already become a part of NATO – we cooperate, we trust each other and together we truly make Europe stronger. So, it stands to reason that Ukraine should become part of the Alliance de jure – the thirty-third NATO country. The algorithm of actions in this regard can and should be approved by political decisions at the Vilnius summit of the Alliance this summer. And we count-on the support of our partners,” the President emphasized. The agenda of the talks between Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Mark Rutte and Alexander De Croo also included relations between Ukraine and the EU. The President noted that he expects a positive assessment of Ukraine's progress in implementing the European Commission's recommendations. “We are doing our best during the war, we are doing all the reforms that we have to do, and this will be the time when political positive momentum will open the way to a new and long-lasting positive history both for Ukraine and for the whole of Europe,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced. The Head of State expressed gratitude for the support of the Ukrainian Peace Formula that can not only restore territorial integrity and security of Ukraine, but also reliably guarantee long-term security of Europe and the world. “This is our joint task – to restore the full force of the UN Charter and international law in general – everything that was violated by Putin and Russia. Peace calls for sanctions to be stronger, for the isolation of Russia to be more complete. Peace calls for assets of the terrorist state to be confiscated. And peace calls for damages to be repaired and ruins to be rebuilt. And I am sure – we will do it together,” the Head of State said. For his part, the Prime Minister of the Netherlands emphasized that his country will continue to support Ukraine in its struggle, and Russia must be held accountable for the crime of aggression and injustice it commits against the Ukrainian people. "The Netherlands will do everything possible to ensure justice for Ukraine, no matter how long it takes and no matter how difficult it is," said Mark Rutte. According to the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, Russian aggression reminds the world every day that the rule of law must be constantly protected. "Ukraine will remain in our hearts and memory not only today, but every day until peace and freedom are restored in your country," he said. The Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Belgium reminded that his country, like the Netherlands and many other countries, has been supporting Ukraine since the first days of the full-scale invasion, and called for the continuation of this support. "We will continue this support and demonstrate our solidarity with Ukraine. Now it's our turn to help Ukraine get rid of the brutal and illegal occupation again. This is the same occupation that our countries experienced during World War II. That is why the Belgian government is preparing a new package of military assistance to Ukraine," assured Alexander De Croo. He reminded that since the beginning of the war, Belgium has frozen more than 50 billion euros in assets of Russian individuals and legal entities. "We are now exploring how we can fully utilize the proceeds of these Russian assets to support the reconstruction of Ukraine. Belgium is ready to play a leading role in this in the European Commission," said the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Belgium. v Videos ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of the Netherlands 4 May 2023 - 12:38 ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of the Netherlands 4 May 2023 - 12:38 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine