6 captures 25 Sep 2024 - 12 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 25 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240925231859/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bezpekova-situaciya-ta-zmicnennya-ukrayini-volodimir-zelensk-93525 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Can Be No Just Peace Without Ukraine - Speech of the President at the UN General Assembly 25 September 2024 - 18:48 View all videos n latest news Joint Declaration of Support for Recovery and Reconstruction of Ukraine 26 September 2024 - 01:22 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Joseph Biden 26 September 2024 - 01:16 Today, We Are Laying the Foundation for the Architecture of Recovery - Speech by the President at the G7+ Ukraine Meeting 26 September 2024 - 01:05 Security Situation and Strengthening of Ukraine: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Keir Starmer 25 September 2024 - 23:55 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Security Situation and Strengthening of Ukraine: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Keir Starmer 25 September 2024 - 23:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Keir Starmer. “Thank you for the decisive steps taken by the United Kingdom since the beginning of the full-scale invasion. Thank you for standing with us throughout this time,” the Head of State said. Keir Starmer noted that he met with Volodymyr Zelenskyy to discuss the challenges facing Ukraine and to reaffirm their unwavering support. “And to have the chance to talk through what more needs to be done because these are turning into crucial weeks and months,” the British Prime Minister added. The main topics of the talks included the security situation and the strengthening of Ukraine, in particular through new defense assistance. The parties also focused on the implementation of the bilateral security agreement, as well as the Peace Formula, preparations for the second Peace Summit, cooperation within the Ukraine-NATO framework and progress in negotiations on signing the agreement on transition to a stronger and deeper partnership. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine