8 captures 14 Jul 2023 - 18 Nov 2025 Jun JUL Aug 14 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230714113233/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-proviv-zustrich-iz-radnikom-z-pitan-zovnishnoyi-84321 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Six states have already joined the G7 countries with which we agreed on security guarantees for Ukraine yesterday - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 July 2023 - 22:33 View all videos n latest news Six states have already joined the G7 countries with which we agreed on security guarantees for Ukraine yesterday - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 July 2023 - 22:32 Head of State and President of the Republic of South Africa discussed preparations for the Global Peace Summit and consolidation of support for Ukraine by African countries 13 July 2023 - 19:59 Ihor Zhovkva met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic 13 July 2023 - 19:26 Ihor Zhovkva met with the Ambassador of the Republic of Korea to Ukraine 13 July 2023 - 17:16 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania 11 July 2023 - 19:38 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic 13 July 2023 - 19:26 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic Zdeněk Beránek. Ihor Zhovkva expressed gratitude for the constant political and practical support that the Czech Republic has been consistently providing to Ukraine since the beginning of the full-scale Russian aggression. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office briefed his interlocutor on the results of the NATO Summit in Vilnius and Ukraine's progress towards full membership in the Alliance. The parties focused on the preparation of the Second Parliamentary Summit of the International Crimea Platform to be held in Prague at the end of October this year. Ihor Zhovkva thanked Zdeněk Beránek for the readiness of the Czech side to host the Summit in the capital of the country. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office emphasized the importance of consolidating efforts to gain the greatest possible international support for the Second Summit of the Crimea Platform in the parliamentary dimension: "This year we hope for even greater international representation at the Second Parliamentary Summit of the Crimea Platform. It is important that new representatives of the countries of the Global South will be among the participants of the October Summit. We count on the Czech Republic's assistance in this regard." Finally, the parties exchanged views on possible parallel events in the framework of the Summit and agreed to maintain bilateral contacts to coordinate further actions to organize and hold the event. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine