8 captures 15 Nov 2022 - 13 Aug 2025 Oct NOV Dec 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221115235454/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/polsha-stoyit-u-farvateri-postupu-ukrayini-na-shlyahu-do-yes-79149 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia is told about peace, it responds with missiles - address by the President of Ukraine 15 November 2022 - 22:31 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands 15 November 2022 - 23:31 Russia is told about peace, it responds with missiles - address by the President of Ukraine 15 November 2022 - 22:28 Poland stands in the fairway of Ukraine's progress on the way to the EU - Ihor Zhovkva 15 November 2022 - 19:32 The Baltic countries and Poland are the most loyal allies of Ukraine, who are bringing our victory closer with concrete and consistent actions - Ihor Zhovkva 15 November 2022 - 12:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 14 November 2022 - 13:21 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Poland stands in the fairway of Ukraine's progress on the way to the EU - Ihor Zhovkva 15 November 2022 - 19:32 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva paid a working visit to the Republic of Poland. During his stay in Warsaw, he held a meeting with Poland's newly appointed Minister for European Union Affairs Szymon Szynkowski vel Sęk. The parties exchanged views on the current security situation in our country and on the European continent in general. In this context, Poland's important role as a potential guarantor of Ukraine's security within the framework of the Kyiv Security Compact was noted. The interlocutors paid special attention to the European integration of Ukraine. The Deputy Head of the President's Office thanked Poland for actively promoting among foreign partners the need for our country to join the European Union as soon as possible. "We highly appreciate that Poland is in the fairway of Ukraine's progress on the way to the EU and is making significant political and practical efforts for the transition of our country to the next stage - the start of negotiations on accession," Ihor Zhovkva emphasized. In the context of building fruitful cooperation with the College of Europe in Natolin (Warsaw), the Deputy Head of the Office of the President held a working meeting with its vice-rector Ewa Ośniecka-Tamecka. Formats of potential interaction in the preparation of Ukrainian specialists for the process of pre-accession negotiations were discussed. Ihor Zhovkva also talked with students from Ukraine studying at the College of Europe in Natolin. "Poland's European integration experience is very important for us, and we are grateful to the Polish side for its openness and willingness to share it," said the Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine