23 captures 22 Apr 2024 - 15 Nov 2025 Mar APR May 22 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240422202235/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chotiri-prioriteti-ppo-suchasna-artileriya-dalekobijnist-i-s-90485 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Four Priorities Are: Air Defense, Modern Artillery, Long-Range Capability, and Ensuring That the American Aid Arrives as Quickly as Possible – Address by the President 22 April 2024 - 22:44 View all videos n latest news The Four Priorities Are: Air Defense, Modern Artillery, Long-Range Capability, and Ensuring That the American Aid Arrives as Quickly as Possible – Address by the President 22 April 2024 - 22:40 The President of Ukra​ine Had a Phone Call with the President of the United States 22 April 2024 - 20:57 Support for Ukraine and Preparation of the Security Agreement: Meeting with the Assistant Secretary of State at the Office of the President 22 April 2024 - 17:30 We are Honoring People who Deserve the All-Ukrainian Gratitude – The President during the Presentation of the Order of the Golden Star and the Cross of Military Merit Awards 22 April 2024 - 14:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President Received the Letters of Credence from the Ambassadors of Foreign States to Ukraine 22 April 2024 - 21:23 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The Four Priorities Are: Air Defense, Modern Artillery, Long-Range Capability, and Ensuring That the American Aid Arrives as Quickly as Possible – Address by the President 22 April 2024 - 22:40 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today was a very long day, and most of it was spent on military issues. I held a meeting of the Staff. In particular, there were reports on the performance of our defense industry – the long-term contracts that are already in place and being fulfilled, and the ones that still require special attention – greater attention. Everyone in the Government of Ukraine and in our Defense Forces clearly understands the tasks at hand. Of course, there was a report by the Commander-in-Chief on the situation at the front. There was also a separate military report today after the Staff's meeting. The Chief of the Defense Intelligence of Ukraine has just delivered a report. Obviously, now all our potential must work even more than one hundred percent to keep the situation under control and return the initiative to Ukraine. Especially since now we finally have a positive shift in terms of American assistance, and are working to ensure that the Ukrainian potential is backed up with exactly the kind of weapons that our warriors need. Not only to hold out, but also to act – to act vigorously in pursuit of Ukrainian goals, to protect our people. Today I spoke with President Biden about this very issue. I am grateful to Mr. President, his team, everyone in the United States Congress, personally to Speaker Johnson, and all who support the active defense of freedom, for the decision that benefits our protection from Russian terror and our ability to end the war justly, with true peace for all Ukrainians. Just before the conversation with President Biden began, Russian terrorists struck again at Kharkiv – at the TV tower. Obviously, this is an intimidation to make the terror noticeable to the whole city and to try to limit Kharkiv in terms of communication and access to information. Work is underway to restore the signal. And just like Kharkiv, different cities and communities need protection – they need "Patriots." And at the same time, we need to inflict maximum damage on everything that Russia uses as a base for terror and for its military logistics. I am grateful to everyone in the world who is willing to help us in this regard, and we are working with our American partners to increase our capabilities. The four priorities are key: protection of the sky, modern artillery, long-range capability, and ensuring that the American support packages arrive as quickly as possible. And today's result is that in the agreements on ATACMS for Ukraine, all the details have been finalized. Thank you, Mr. President, thank you, Congress, thank you, America! It is also very important that our teams, from Ukraine and the United States, have started working on a bilateral security agreement. We can make our agreement a true paragon that will not only provide greater security for our people, but also help the entire course of European history proceed in the right direction and only in peace. Today, I also met with a delegation of congressmen who are visiting Ukraine. Members of the House of Representatives, both parties. We discussed ways to make this year productive for Ukraine and the entire coalition of defenders of the international order. Today, with both the congressmen and President Biden, we also talked about the preparations for the first Global Peace Summit. It is equally important for all of us that the format of the Peace Summit and the Peace Formula become a success story for Ukraine and the world majority, for all those who want to live by the rules of international law and in peace. Thank you! Thank you to everyone who helps us in Ukraine defeat the Russian terror! Thank you to everyone who protects lives and fights against the Russian occupier. Today I would like to highlight the results of the 35th separate marine brigade operating in the Prydniprovya direction, as well as the 58th separate motorized infantry brigade and the 72nd separate mechanized brigade fighting in the Donetsk region. Thank you, warriors! Thank you to everyone who stands with Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine