1 capture 26 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220526160949/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-05-2021&date-to=26-05-2022&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Saeima of Latvia 26 May 2022 - 16:25 View all videos pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska talked to the First Ladies of Poland, Lithuania and France 13 May 2022 - 20:02 She thanked the wives of the presidents for the warm welcome of Ukrainian citizens, the opportunity given to Ukrainians to receive medical and educational services on an equal footing with the citizens of their countries. Ukrainians have shown that you can have no fear and fight with one of the largest armies in the world - Andriy Yermak 13 May 2022 - 16:47 The Ukrainian people have shown that you can have no fear and fight with one of the largest armies in the world, so Ukraine's membership in NATO would strengthen this organization. This was stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak in an interview with CNN. President of Ukraine: If Russia wants peace, it must withdraw its troops from our land 13 May 2022 - 16:07 Given all the crimes committed by the Russian army in Ukraine, Ukrainian society is not ready for dialogue with the Russian side, but President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is ready to continue negotiations to end the war, liberate the occupied territories and save lives. This was stated by the President in an interview with the Porta a Porta project of the Italian TV channel Rai 1. Russia's strategic defeat is obvious to everyone in the world, Russia simply lacks courage to admit it so far - address by the President of Ukraine 12 May 2022 - 23:16 They are cowards. And they are trying to hide the truth behind missile, air and artillery strikes. Therefore, our task is to fight until we achieve our goals in this war. Free our land, our people and reliably ensure our security. Sanctions on Russia must be long-term in order to force it to end the war against Ukraine and prevent similar aggression in the future - Andriy Yermak 12 May 2022 - 22:38 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak emphasizes that Russia's war against Ukraine is an aggression against the whole of Europe and an attack on generally accepted principles of international relations, and the aggressor must be stopped by joint efforts, including systemic long-term sanctions. Ihor Zhovkva noted the importance of Estonia's assistance in the issue of Ukraine's European integration movement 12 May 2022 - 20:56 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a video consultation with Foreign Policy Adviser to the Prime Minister of the Republic of Estonia Liis Lipre-Järma. President visited the newly built building of the Center for Pediatric Cardiology and Cardiac Surgery and presented awards to nurses 12 May 2022 - 17:18 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy inspected the newly built building of the Scientific and Practical Medical Center for Pediatric Cardiology and Cardiac Surgery of the Ministry of Health in Kyiv. Behind the courage and wisdom of the Ukrainian people are thousands of real stories, names and feats - President at The Atlantic Council’s Distinguished Leadership Awards 12 May 2022 - 08:51 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke at The Atlantic Council’s Distinguished Leadership Awards, which was won by the Ukrainian people. The prize was awarded to Ukrainians for their resilience and courage in resisting the Russian invasion. This is the first time The Atlantic Council has awarded an entire people or nation. Speech by the President of Ukraine at The Atlantic Council’s Distinguished Leadership Awards 12 May 2022 - 08:46 On behalf of all Ukrainians, I would like to thank you for this award. It is a fair and correct gesture to honor with this award all the people of Ukraine, because courage is our national trait of character. Today the whole world witnesses this and admires the heroism of Ukrainians. We will liberate our land and people, and with the help of the free world it will be easier to do – address by the President of Ukraine 11 May 2022 - 22:18 Speaking about the help of partners, we must not forget that victory is gained directly by Ukrainians who are fighting. By all who beat the enemy and strengthen the defense. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 122 123 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine