1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033113/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=108 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We are doing everything to ensure that our tactical steps contribute to the strategic goal - the success of Ukraine – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2023 - 21:47 The frontline, our defense, the battle for Bakhmut and the entire Donbas. This is the first priority. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to women who distinguished themselves in the defense of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity 8 March 2023 - 17:42 "Today we thank our women who are fighting, caring, working for peace for Ukraine, for the protection of our lives, our freedom, our people," the President emphasized. It is now and in Ukraine that the future of the UN is being decided - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with António Guterres in Kyiv 8 March 2023 - 17:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with UN Secretary-General António Guterres, who visited Ukraine for the third time since the beginning of full-scale Russian aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy's greetings on International Women's Day 8 March 2023 - 11:59 It is important to express gratitude today. To all the women who work, teach, study, rescue, heal, fight - fight for Ukraine. To remember and thank all the women who gave their lives for our country. To thank mothers. To remember that as long as your mom is alive, you can feel like a child. To thank your loved ones for their respect and strength. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 8 March 2023 - 08:54 Separately, the interlocutors discussed ongoing international efforts to provide defense and financial support to Ukraine, as it fights to liberate its lands from Russian occupation. First Lady of Ukraine met with the President of the UAE 7 March 2023 - 22:17 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska is on a visit to the United Arab Emirates. On the first day of her visit, Olena Zelenska met with the President of the UAE, Ruler of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan. Andriy Yermak met with representatives of civil society organizations to discuss the pursuit of legal action against Russia for its environmental crimes committed in Ukraine 7 March 2023 - 20:06 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with representatives of civil society organizations focused on ecology and environmental protection. Ukraine will always remember its heroes, our memory of them will endure, and our enemy will perish - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2023 - 19:00 For more than nine years, Ukrainian heroes have been fighting for Ukraine's future in fierce battles for the country. Peace and relative safety in the rear cities is their feat. Our confidence in Ukraine's victory is their resilience and strength. Ukrainian delegation headed by the Permanent Representative of the President in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea visited Southeast Asia 7 March 2023 - 16:18 In the framework of strengthening cooperation and interaction with the countries of the Global South, the Ukrainian delegation headed by Permanent Representative of the President of Ukraine in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea Tamila Tasheva visited India, Malaysia and the Republic of Indonesia. At a joint event with the WHO, Iuliia Sokolovska spoke about the development of the rehabilitation system in Ukraine 7 March 2023 - 16:07 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Iuliia Sokolovska opened an online event organized by the World Health Organization Regional Office for Europe, WHO in Ukraine and the Ministry of Health of Ukraine. 1 2 ... 105 106 107 108 109 110 111 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine