14 captures 21 May 2022 - 31 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 21 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220521111801/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/do-pochatku-vijni-soyuzniki-rekomenduvali-nam-riti-okopi-mi-75229 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We urge the partner states to recognize that Russia must be held financially responsible for the crimes it committed - address by the President of Ukraine 20 May 2022 - 22:29 View all videos n latest news Before the war, the allies recommended that we dig trenches, and we told them: give weapons - President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 12:19 Victory can be achieved only in battle, and fixing the end of the war will still be diplomatic - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 May 2022 - 11:27 We urge the partner states to recognize that Russia must be held financially responsible for the crimes it committed - address by the President of Ukraine 20 May 2022 - 22:25 Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak at the Atlantic Council think tank 20 May 2022 - 17:27 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the AFU servicemen who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 15:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Before the war, the allies recommended that we dig trenches, and we told them: give weapons - President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 12:19 A full-scale Russian invasion of Ukraine could not be repulsed at once because the enemy was advancing simultaneously from several directions and used a large amount of manpower. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with the host of the United News telethon. The Head of State noted that Ukraine was preparing for a full-scale Russian aggression, but no one knew the methods and scope of this invasion until the end. "It's one thing when you realize that tanks will go from Belarus. And another thing is that Russia will go to Ukraine through Belarus, another thing is that missiles are flying from Belarus. It seems that the difference is small. There were warnings that there could be an offensive from that side. But the difference is big: you are at war with the forces and means that are on the territory of Belarus, which pass through the territory of Belarus and go to Ukraine, or you are at war with two countries," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President stressed that Ukraine was preparing for various scenarios of invasion, and our state had sufficient information about the intentions of the enemy. "In terms of the volume of forces used by the Russian Federation, which used everything, even the reserve, "quiet" mobilization... Concentration was in Crimea, in Belarus and in other areas… Along the borders, they concentrated a large number of forces a year before. I think that today no European country would be able to cope with such a volume," the President said. He noted that according to analysts, our state could not cope with the full-scale invasion of Russia, at least because Ukraine is 28 times smaller in area and still quite large territorially. "When you are attacked by a large army, you cannot concentrate your forces around, for example, Kyiv. You need to look and provide air defense, tanks, equipment, infantry fighting vehicles, and most importantly - professional military personnel (throughout the country - ed.)," said the President. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that in order to protect such a territory, the army should have not 250,000 of servicemen, but much more. The Head of State reminded that at the beginning of the year he signed a decree to increase the number of personnel of the Armed Forces by 100,000 servicemen. "But even 100,000 plus could not stop them (the aggressor's troops - ed.). Today we have 700,000. You see the result of the work of 700,000 people who are at war," the President said. In addition, according to the President, at the beginning of the invasion, the enemy struck at the positions of the Ukrainian artillery and air defense forces. At the same time, as Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted, Ukraine was well prepared for the invasion, and there were many things that the enemy did not know about and that later worked against him. The Head of State is convinced that now Ukraine must quickly provide its army with modern weapons that will protect the entire territory. "NATO countries have the appropriate weapons - there are Patriots, there is powerful air defense equipment that can protect the sky from missile strikes," he said. The President stated that the Armed Forces of Ukraine should move from Soviet technology to the latest models of weapons used by NATO countries. "But it's a lot of money not only for re-equipment. We need to move from Soviet weapons to NATO models. And if you are a country that is not a member of NATO, how can you do that if you are not given licenses, you are not sold anything, as it was before the war," said the President. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that some partners recommended that Ukraine dig trenches before the war. "By digging trenches, it is impossible to do what we did. Because it is impossible to win a war with a shovel. They told us to dig trenches. And we told them: give us weapons," the Head of State said. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine