18 captures 12 Sep 2024 - 14 Jan 2026 Aug SEP Oct 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240912235644/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/litva-zayavila-pro-gotovnist-zbilshiti-pidtrimku-ukrayinskog-93201 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Children's Safety Is Everyone’s Concern Today – President's Speech at the Fourth Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 12 September 2024 - 20:00 View all videos n latest news Meeting with European Commissioner for Home Affairs Took Place at the Office of the President 12 September 2024 - 22:10 Giving Children True Safety Is Only Possible Together with the Whole World – Olena Zelenska at the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 12 September 2024 - 21:57 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Speaker and Deputy Speakers of the Danish Parliament 12 September 2024 - 21:14 Children's Safety Is Everyone’s Concern Today – President's Speech at the Fourth Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 12 September 2024 - 19:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska in the Fourth Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 12 September 2024 - 21:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Lithuania Announced Readiness to Increase Support for Ukraine's Defense Industry – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 September 2024 - 16:23 Lithuania is ready to boost its support for Ukraine in the production of weapons, particularly long-range drones. This was announced by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy following discussions with President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda. During the meeting, the parties discussed Ukraine's defense and the key needs of Ukrainian warriors. Volodymyr Zelenskyy provided updates on the situation at the front, specifically in the Pokrovsk, Toretsk, and Vuhledar directions, as well as Ukraine's defensive operation in the Kursk region. “We all clearly understand that defending the Ukrainian state also means defending the independence of all nations bordering Russia. Our Europe and European way of life can only survive if Ukraine stands strong and wins this war,” he said. The Ukrainian President thanked Lithuania for all its assistance, including military aid packages and the guaranteed 10-year commitment to supporting Ukraine's defense capabilities. The leaders also discussed defense cooperation agreements, including investments in drone production in Ukraine and co-production efforts. Gitanas Nausėda stated that Lithuania is ready to increase support in this area. “All co-production and all investments in defense manufacturing are very important to us. This is a priority today. Right now, everyone can see how successful Ukraine is in developing and deploying its long-range weapons and long-range drones,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. The Ukrainian leader also emphasized that as the heating season approaches, Ukraine needs even more active support from its partners in terms of air defense systems and energy aid packages. Gitanas Nausėda assured that Lithuania will continue its support for Ukraine, particularly in the supply of 155 mm caliber ammunition. “Lithuania is investing 10 million euros in the production of Ukraine’s long-range “Palianytsia” weapon. We are interested in this and discussed cooperation in the production of maritime drones,” the Lithuanian President noted. He also mentioned that a Lithuanian-Ukrainian defense forum was recently held in Kyiv. Its goal is to enhance cooperation and strengthen Ukraine’s defense industry. Gitanas Nausėda added that Lithuania is calling on NATO members to provide Ukraine with long-range missiles, fighter jets, and air defense systems, and to allow Ukraine to strike Russian military targets without restrictions. v Videos ph The President Met with the Presidents of Lithuania and Estonia and the Prime Minister of Latvia in Kyiv 12 September 2024 - 16:20 ph The President Met with the Presidents of Lithuania and Estonia and the Prime Minister of Latvia in Kyiv 12 September 2024 - 16:20 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine