7 captures 22 May 2024 - 09 Nov 2025 Apr MAY Jun 22 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240522195042/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/medichne-partnerstvo-vzhe-ryatuye-zhittya-v-ukrayini-j-prine-91045 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Peace Summit and the Participation of World Leaders Can Restore the Full Effectiveness of the UN Charter and Return Full Protection to Every Nation – Address by the President 22 May 2024 - 20:28 View all videos n latest news The Peace Summit and the Participation of World Leaders Can Restore the Full Effectiveness of the UN Charter and Return Full Protection to Every Nation – Address by the President 22 May 2024 - 20:24 Andriy Yermak Had a Phone Call with Jake Sullivan 22 May 2024 - 15:33 Medical Partnership Is Already Saving Lives in Ukraine and Will Benefit the Whole World – Olena Zelenska 22 May 2024 - 14:33 Inviting Ukraine to NATO Now Would Be a Vital Step to Strengthen Europe's Security – Andriy Yermak 22 May 2024 - 09:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Met with Young Scientists and Representatives of the Junior Academy of Sciences 21 May 2024 - 19:15 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Medical Partnership Is Already Saving Lives in Ukraine and Will Benefit the Whole World – Olena Zelenska 22 May 2024 - 14:33 In Kyiv, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the Conference on International Medical Partnership. The event was also attended by Minister of Health Viktor Liashko, representatives of the German-Ukrainian Medical Partnership Program GIZ, the World Health Organization, the Ministers of Health of Lithuania and Estonia, as well as heads of Ukrainian and foreign hospitals. The wife of the President of Ukraine noted that 34 memoranda have already been signed in the nine months of the program's existence and ten more preliminary agreements on cooperation have been reached. "This is a very important project for me, because we launched it on the sidelines of the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen last September. I am grateful to Health Minister Viktor Liashko and the Ukrainian Ministry of Health for constantly developing international medical partnerships," she emphasized. Medical institutions in Germany, France, Lithuania, Latvia, Israel, Sweden, North Macedonia, Austria, Denmark, Estonia, Spain, Canada, the Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Türkiye, and Moldova have already become twinned with Ukrainian hospitals. From the Ukrainian side, hospitals from Kyiv, Dnipro, Lviv, Rivne, Ivano-Frankivsk, Odesa, Mykolaiv, Vinnytsia, Chernihiv, Ternopil, and Zakarpattia regions joined the partnership. In addition, nine new agreements were signed during the Conference. "What can Ukraine give in return, in addition to our gratitude, is experience in treating polytrauma and combat injuries. Experience in the so-called extreme medicine, with a massive influx of patients. Doctors at Ukrainian clinics save limbs of wounded children and adults in cases where it seems impossible. However, we hope you will not need to treat wounds from explosions in your countries, as Ukraine is doing everything it can to prevent the war from going any further," the First Lady said. In April alone, more than 180 medical professionals took part in scientific events abroad. Our doctors also underwent training in the Netherlands, Germany, Poland, France, Latvia, and Spain. Reference. Last year, Kyiv hosted the third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. At the invitation of Olena Zelenska, spouses of heads of state and opinion leaders from around the world gathered to discuss mental recovery – for every country and every person. One of the main highlights of the event was the satellite summit of health ministers from different countries, which launched the international medical partnership program. At that time, 25 Ukrainian hospitals were twinned with hospitals in other countries to share their experience and international practices. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine