6 captures 15 Nov 2023 - 17 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 15 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231115182821/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-ukrayini-zustrivsya-z-koordinatoro-87037 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The potential of our communities, our intercity and interpersonal ties can add significant strength to our defense – speech by the President of Ukraine at the German-Ukrainian Municipal Partnerships Conference 15 November 2023 - 12:45 View all videos n latest news President in the interview to African media: Ukraine is capable of ensuring food security of African countries 15 November 2023 - 18:55 Ukraine is ready to be a strategic partner of African countries – Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with African media 15 November 2023 - 18:39 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Sanctions Coordinator at the U.S. Department of State and the Deputy Assistant Secretary 15 November 2023 - 15:24 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Giorgia Meloni discussed joint efforts in the context of Italy's G7 Presidency next year 15 November 2023 - 15:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Sanctions Coordinator at the U.S. Department of State and the Deputy Assistant Secretary 15 November 2023 - 15:24 In Washington, DC, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak, as part of the Ukrainian delegation led by First Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Economy Yuliia Svyrydenko, met with Sanctions Coordinator at the U.S. Department of State, Ambassador James O'Brien and Deputy Assistant Secretary for European and Eurasian Affairs Chris Smith. The Ukrainian side noted successful negotiations during the third meeting of national security and foreign policy advisors in Malta on the implementation of the Peace Formula. At the same time, the importance of involving the countries of the Global South in upholding the Peace Formula was emphasized. The interlocutors also noted the successful efforts of Ukraine and its partners to increase the capacity of export corridors and further develop free navigation in the Black Sea. As winter approaches and the threat of increased missile terror from Russia grows, representatives of the Ukrainian delegation informed the American side about priority investment projects in the energy sector and emphasized the importance of introducing investment insurance. The participants of the meeting noted the need to step up joint sanctions pressure on Russia with the European Union and to monitor compliance with the sanctions restrictions already in place, in particular, to maintain the price cap on Russian oil. They also discussed the confiscation of Russian sovereign assets to use them for reconstruction in Ukraine. The interlocutors also exchanged views on the situation in the Middle East and agreed on the importance of preventing further escalation of the conflict caused by the actions of Russia, which is responsible for the war in Ukraine. ph Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 ph Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine