8 captures 20 Apr 2024 - 15 Oct 2025 Mar APR May 20 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240420010742/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cej-rik-uzhe-ne-mozhe-buti-chasom-prosto-dlya-podalshih-obgo-90425 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is not fair to resist bombs merely with bravery – the President during the extraordinary meeting of the Ukraine – NATO Council 19 April 2024 - 18:22 View all videos n latest news This Year Cannot be Just a Year of Further Discussions, We Need Decisions of Our Partners – Address of the President of Ukraine 19 April 2024 - 22:12 In Dnipro, the President Thanked the Rescuers Who are Eliminating the Consequences of the Russian Attack 19 April 2024 - 19:55 It is not fair to resist bombs merely with bravery – the President during the extraordinary meeting of the Ukraine – NATO Council 19 April 2024 - 18:20 Andriy Yermak had a telephone conversation with Péter Szijjártó 19 April 2024 - 18:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Donetsk Region 19 April 2024 - 11:18 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches This Year Cannot be Just a Year of Further Discussions, We Need Decisions of Our Partners – Address of the President of Ukraine 19 April 2024 - 22:12 Dear Ukrainians! Today is a difficult day... Missile strikes. Right in the center of the city of Dnipro, the regular buildings. A house, a railway station. In addition, Synelnykove and Kryvyi Rih were also hit today. Strikes in Nikopol... Strikes in the Odesa region - again on the ports, on the export of our products. Today there was shelling and strikes in Donetsk, Mykolaiv and Kharkiv regions... There are many victims. Everyone is being helped. And I thank everyone who supports our people, who eliminates the consequences of Russian evil. My condolences to all those who have lost their loved ones. When Ukraine appeals to partners for air defense systems that they have - in warehouses, in storage bases, but that are needed here, right here, to protect lives - we are talking about a true alliance. And here in Ukraine, we appreciate the efforts of every leader, every state that is really active, really committed to fulfilling their promises and trying to increase the capabilities of our air shield. It was Dnipro where I addressed today the participants of the first extraordinary meeting of our Ukraine-NATO Council. It was a meeting at the level of the defence ministers of the Alliance countries. Unfortunately, Russian terrorists had too much time, the years of this war, to destroy Ukrainian life. This year cannot be just a year of further discussions. Everything is quite specific now. Ukraine needs air defence, and the partners can help with it. We need artillery, and this is something the world has. Only sufficient numbers of air defence systems and fighter jets can drive the Russian aviation away. We need decisions. And decisions are possible. Everyone in the world who wants peace has to not be afraid to demonstrate their power to protect life. I am grateful to everyone who is with Ukraine, with our people and with our defence now. I am grateful to everyone in Dnipro and in other cities and settlements who direct their forces in order to make sure that our county stays strong. Please, take care of your neighbours when it’s needed. Take care of our Ukraine and spread the truth in the world, by all means. The truth that the world can do it. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine