1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024552/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=18 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded Ukrainian servicemen who distinguished themselves in battles for Ukraine as part of the Donetsk operational and tactical group 4 September 2023 - 21:22 During a working trip to Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to Ukrainian defenders who are repelling the enemy's invasion as part of the Donetsk operational and tactical group. President paid a visit to the combat brigades defending Ukraine in the Donetsk sector 4 September 2023 - 21:08 During a working visit to Donetsk region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the command posts of the military units defending the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine as part of the Donetsk operational and tactical group. Olena Zelenska told the details of the third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 4 September 2023 - 19:32 The theme of the Third Summit will be mental health. The theme of the event: "Mental Health: Fragility and Resilience of the Future". Rustem Umerov should head the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 September 2023 - 22:02 The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine knows this person well, and Mr. Umerov does not need any additional introductions. I expect the Parliament to support this candidate. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Emmanuel Macron discussed defense support and the start of negotiations within the Joint Declaration on security guarantees 3 September 2023 - 17:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with President of the French Republic Emmanuel Macron. This Saturday, three cities that are indispensable part of Ukraine celebrating their day – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 September 2023 - 20:57 We will defend Ukraine and restore freedom to all our land. Each of us feels that this will be a Ukraine with different rules. Head of President's Office had a telephone conversation with US President's national security advisor 2 September 2023 - 08:41 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, as part of the continuous dialogue with the allies, had a telephone conversation with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. Andriy Yermak discusses implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula with Ambassador of Brazil 1 September 2023 - 20:41 At the meeting, the main attention was given to the ways of further strengthening of bilateral relations, in particular, the political dialogue for the near future. Andriy Yermak has conversation with national security advisor to President of South African Republic 1 September 2023 - 20:15 On the instructions of the President, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a telephone conversation with National Security Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa Sydney Mufamadi. Andriy Yermak discusses further work within implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula with Ambassador of India 1 September 2023 - 19:55 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with Ambassador of India to Ukraine Harsh Kumar Jain. 1 2 ... 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine