1 capture 03 Oct 2022 Sep OCT Nov 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221003223131/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2021&date-to=04-10-2022&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine appreciates people, saves people – these are fundamental rules for our state – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 October 2022 - 23:47 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Head of the President's Office with Ukrainian servicemen in Türkiye 3 October 2022 - 18:54 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska Launched a Charity Foundation 23 September 2022 - 14:15 On September 22, Olena Zelenska presented her Foundation during a charity evening in New York. The Foundation's primary goal is to restore Ukraine's human capital so that every Ukrainian feels physically and mentally healthy, protected, and able to exercise their right to education, work, and build a future in Ukraine. World leaders must firmly state that an attempted nuclear attack on Ukraine will have catastrophic consequences for the Russian Federation - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with The Guardian 23 September 2022 - 14:10 According to Mykhailo Podoliak, Russia's impunity for nuclear threats would erode the long-standing principle that nuclear weapons can only be used defensively when the survival of a country is at stake. To invest in Ukraine now is to contribute to future peace and strengthening of security in the world - President at the Forbes 400 Summit on Philanthropy 23 September 2022 - 12:46 Now is the right time for business to invest in Ukraine, as the invested funds will not only support the Ukrainian economy, but also contribute to future peace in our country and strengthening of security in the world. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online conversation with Forbes magazine chief content officer Randall Lane in the framework of the Forbes 400 Summit on Philanthropy. The success of the operation to release people from Russian captivity was facilitated by the active involvement of international partners of Ukraine - Head of the Office of the President 23 September 2022 - 11:31 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak notes that many influential states and international partners are involved in the process of freeing Ukrainian and foreign citizens from Russian captivity. He stated this at a briefing dedicated to the exchange and return of defenders of Ukraine from captivity. The more added value Ukraine produces, the more added security the people of the world get – speech by the President of Ukraine at the Forbes 400 Summit on Philanthropy 23 September 2022 - 10:02 I urge all of you to boldly use this power of business – to invest in such a way that it is at the same time an aid to the normal life of various peoples. I invite you all to Ukraine! Thank you. Andriy Yermak held a video call with members of the US House of Representatives Armed Services Committee 22 September 2022 - 22:46 "We feel this support from the entire American people. And I want to thank you, as members of Congress, for making very important decisions that help us fight," he emphasized. Russia's decision on mobilization is an admission that their regular army did not withstand and crumbled - address by the President of Ukraine 22 September 2022 - 22:00 Now, due to mobilization, Russia's war against Ukraine for the majority of Russian citizens is not something on TV or on the Internet, but something that has entered every Russian home. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 22 September 2022 - 19:53 The heads of the defense forces and the commanders of the operational areas reported on the operational situation in the areas of the front. The likely nature of the enemy's actions in the near future was considered. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Minister of Defense of Italy 22 September 2022 - 19:22 Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed the interlocutor about the state of affairs at the front and emphasized that strengthening the Armed Forces is a vital priority for Ukraine today. First Lady in New York talked about the situation of Ukrainian women during the war 22 September 2022 - 14:37 During her visit to New York, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the HeForShe global summit and the Women in Conflict forum within the 77th session of the UN General Assembly. The President's wife spoke about the situation of Ukrainian women in wartime conditions. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 151 152 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine