6 captures 06 Dec 2024 - 06 Sep 2025 Nov DEC Jan 06 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241206220133/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-zustrich-iz-radnikom-premyer-ministra-v-94877 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos A Mere Signature by Any State or Any Assurances or Promises Are Not Enough for Security; What’s Needed Are Effective Guarantees – Address by the President 5 December 2024 - 19:20 View all videos n latest news The United Kingdom Can Demonstrate Leadership in Strengthening Ukraine – Andriy Yermak in His Speech at Chatham House 6 December 2024 - 22:02 Andriy Yermak Held a Meeting with the Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 6 December 2024 - 19:19 On St. Nicholas Day, Volodymyr Zelenskyy Visited the Okhmatdyt Hospital and Congratulated Children on the Holiday 6 December 2024 - 16:32 Olena Zelenska: There Are No “Silent” Traumas or Diagnoses, It Is Important for All of Us to Be Heard 6 December 2024 - 16:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's Participation in Events on Ukraine's Armed Forces Day 6 December 2024 - 11:54 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak Held a Meeting with the Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 6 December 2024 - 19:19 During a stopover in London on his way back from the United States, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Jonathan Powell. At the meeting, the parties discussed ways to enhance defense cooperation between Ukraine and the United Kingdom, as well as the decisions needed to counter Russian aggression. Special attention was paid to the efforts that must be made to achieve a sustainable and just peace based on the Peace Formula proposed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The meeting also focused on the development of bilateral relations, including the preparation of the agreement on the 100-year partnership between Ukraine and the United Kingdom, which is nearing its final stages. Andriy Yermak thanked the United Kingdom for its decisive and consistent support of Ukraine since the first days of Russia's full-scale invasion. He emphasized the importance of continuing cooperation to safeguard European and global security, and of increasing sanctions pressure on the aggressor country. The Head of the Office of the President noted that the United Kingdom was among the first countries to support the use of long-range weapons to defend Ukraine and has consistently advocated for Ukraine's membership in NATO. Andriy Yermak and Jonathan Powell also exchanged views on the results of the Ukrainian delegation's visit to the United States and discussed further coordination of joint actions. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine