3 captures 29 May 2024 - 30 Apr 2025 Apr MAY Jun 29 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240529185832/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/belgiya-stala-pershoyu-krayinoyu-yaka-zapochatkuvala-praktik-86253?ref=ukrainerebuildnews.com Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Many Leaders Condemned Russian Terror; It Is Important That This Condemnation Leads to Fair Consequences – Address by the President 26 May 2024 - 20:29 View all videos n latest news Ukraine and Chile Deepen Their Cooperation to Return Ukrainian Children Abducted by Russia 29 May 2024 - 13:07 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the President of Portugal 28 May 2024 - 22:50 Portugal's Participation in Defense Initiatives Helps Ukraine Withstand Russian Strikes – the President 28 May 2024 - 21:38 Olena Zelenska: It Is Important That Not Only School Meals But Also Home Meals Are on the Same Wavelength – the Healthy One 28 May 2024 - 20:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Portugal 28 May 2024 - 18:50 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Belgium became the first country to launch the practice of using frozen Russian assets for protection against terror - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Alexander De Croo 11 October 2023 - 15:54 In Brussels, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Belgium Alexander De Croo. The Head of State expressed gratitude to the Belgians, the government and personally to Alexander De Croo for the security, political, humanitarian and economic assistance provided to our country for protection against Russian terror. During the meeting, the parties discussed political, economic and defense cooperation. "I thank Belgium for joining the coalition of fighter jets and involving Belgian specialists in training Ukrainian pilots and technical staff. It is very important that today we have Belgium's decision to provide Ukraine with F-16 fighters. In 2025, the aircraft will be delivered from Belgium," the President of Ukraine said during a joint meeting with Alexander De Croo with media representatives following the negotiations in Brussels. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that, together with the decision of Denmark, the Netherlands and Norway, this ensures the sustainability of aircraft supplies to Ukraine. At the same time, as the President emphasized, the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine and the General Staff need to work to ensure that Ukraine can receive the first aircraft from other partners as early as next year, in 2024. In addition, the Head of State informed that Belgium had joined the recently established IT coalition. This will allow us to more effectively counter Russian threats, especially in cyberspace, and enhance the interaction of Ukrainian units on the battlefield. Belgium has also joined the common efforts to implement the Peace Formula and is working on the implementation of several of its points, Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. The Head of State also emphasized that Belgium supports Ukraine's integration into the EU and NATO. "Today, judging from the content of our work here with all partners, from the mood of our partners, we can obviously say that everyone feels that Ukraine will one day be a full member of both the European Union and the NATO security alliance. We are working actively to bring this time closer," the President said. The parties also discussed the work on freezing Russian assets and the possibility of using them now to compensate for the damage caused to Ukraine by the aggression. "It is important that Belgium has become the first country to launch such a practice of using frozen Russian assets for protection against Russian terror. The funds will be used for security assistance to our country and for fast recovery projects. We would really like to be able to use the funds right now. And the first 1.7 billion euros will be used as early as next year," the Head of State said. The parties discussed the preparation of a new package of sanctions against Russia and the prevention of circumvention of the restrictions already imposed. "Today we talked about the introduction by Belgium of a certification procedure that would prevent diamonds coming from Russia from entering the world markets bypassing sanctions. Mr. Prime Minister, I am grateful to you for this decision and for all the support provided," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Alexander De Croo, for his part, said that Belgium would support Ukraine in three ways: providing military assistance, imposing effective economic sanctions, and establishing a €1.7 billion Ukrainian fund. According to him, the source of the Ukrainian fund will be Russian assets frozen in Belgium. Income tax revenues from these assets will be used to help Ukraine and its citizens. The Prime Minister confirmed that Belgium is ready to train Ukrainian pilots and technical staff, as well as provide maintenance for the aircraft that Ukraine will receive in 2025. v Videos ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to Belgium 11 October 2023 - 11:18 ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to Belgium 11 October 2023 - 11:18 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine