12 captures 28 Sep 2024 - 06 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 28 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240928202036/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-otrimali-povnu-pidtrimku-strategiyi-nablizhennya-miru-mir-93573 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Received Full Support for Our Strategy of Approaching Peace – Peace Through Strength – Address by the President 28 September 2024 - 21:29 View all videos n latest news We Received Full Support for Our Strategy of Approaching Peace – Peace Through Strength – Address by the President 28 September 2024 - 21:25 The Plan for Victory Has Been Presented to America, and We Have Explained Every Single Point – Address by the President 27 September 2024 - 21:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented the Plan for Victory to Donald Trump 27 September 2024 - 20:13 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented the Victory Plan to Kamala Harris 27 September 2024 - 00:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We Received Full Support for Our Strategy of Approaching Peace – Peace Through Strength – Address by the President 28 September 2024 - 21:25 We are on our way home from the United States. Many tasks have been accomplished during this visit. I thank President Biden for the largest support package ever – nearly $8 billion. It includes weapons for the frontline, and air defense for our cities, and the expansion of the F-16 training mission. I presented the Victory Plan, and we agreed that we will soon be discussing our next steps with our allies in the Ramstein format in Germany. October is the time for decisions. We have an important follow-up to the set of security agreements – now the G7+ Declaration on Reconstruction. A clear signal that, together with our allies, we will restore normal life after the war. More than 30 countries have already joined Ukraine in this effort. There will be bilateral agreements as well – we will expand the number of countries. I thank the United States and President Biden for this leadership. I thank the United States Congress for their unwavering bipartisan support and willingness to help us – to help us prevail. Senators, members of the House of Representatives – everyone who sees how much we can do together. We received full support for our strategy of approaching peace – peace through strength. As was important for Ukraine, we held meetings with both U.S. presidential candidates. Meeting with Kamala Harris – all the important accents were voiced, almost an hour-long conversation. Meeting with Donald Trump – it was our second meeting since 2019 and it happened right now, when it is so important. Thank you for your attention to the details of our Victory Plan. I thank everyone who helps to stop Russian terror and who understands that only strength can force Russia to respect the rules and follow the basic documents of the world. Life is based on principles and law when it cannot be destroyed by violence. That is why unity is so necessary. Unity of the allies, unity of the world to stop Russia, this war, and to ensure a real fair peace. The peace that Ukraine wants more than anyone else in the world, and that will definitely come. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine