2 captures 24 Feb 2022 - 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224043305/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: An effective model of territorial defense is a reliable rear for the army, and together they form the basis of a strong Ukraine 11 February 2022 - 15:57 To build an effective model of territorial defense and national resistance, there must be full cooperation between the authorities at all levels and an understanding of their area of responsibility. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities in Kharkiv. Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with the diplomatic adviser to the Prime Minister of Denmark 11 February 2022 - 15:01 Ihor Zhovkva informed the interlocutor in detail about the current security situation in Donbas, in the temporarily occupied Crimea, as well as along the state border of Ukraine. He thanked the Danish side for its solidarity in supporting our country both bilaterally and within the EU and NATO. President began a two-day working trip to the Kharkiv and Kherson regions 11 February 2022 - 12:19 In Kharkiv, the Head of State will take part in the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities. Volodymyr Zelenskyy will also hold an offsite meeting of the National Security and Defense Council. Ukrainian party hopes to unblock TCG work and advance in humanitarian issues - Andriy Yermak 11 February 2022 - 08:10 According to him, it is also very important that all participants of the meeting of advisers in the Normandy format expressed their full commitment to a comprehensive ceasefire in Donbas. Negotiations in Berlin at the level of political advisers to the leaders of the Normandy Four ended 11 February 2022 - 01:02 All parties reaffirmed their willingness to continue negotiations in the Normandy format, and also agreed on the necessity to unblock the work of the Trilateral Contact Group. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of Poland 10 February 2022 - 20:36 The Ukrainian President thanked Poland for its concrete support in strengthening Ukraine's defense capabilities and resilience. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Secretary General of NATO 10 February 2022 - 19:12 The interlocutors exchanged relevant information on diplomatic measures taken by Ukraine and the Alliance in response to threats from Russia. President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Lithuania 10 February 2022 - 17:59 "It is very important that you came to support Ukraine today, during the tense situation on the borders of our country, on the borders with Europe, on the borders with Russia, on touch lines with the temporarily occupied territories of our state. We consider our relations with the Republic of Lithuania special at the level of presidents, prime ministers, states and nations. We feel this not only during the escalation period, but all the time," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Andriy Yermak arrived in Berlin to meet with diplomatic advisers to the Normandy format leaders 10 February 2022 - 14:21 Following the talks, a briefing will be held at the Embassy of Ukraine in Germany at 19:00 (approximately). President at a meeting with EBA members: The best thing business can do today is to keep working 10 February 2022 - 09:14 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the business community - members of the European Business Association, during which he spoke about the government's steps to support Ukraine's economy. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 97 98 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine