1 capture 24 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220524041642/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-05-2021&date-to=24-05-2022&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:23 View all videos pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Poland today demonstrates historical level of support for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Andrzej Duda in Kyiv 22 May 2022 - 18:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda who is on a visit to Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that today Poland is showing a historical level of support for Ukraine, our Armed Forces and citizens who were forced to leave their homes due to the Russian invasion. Volodymyr Zelenskyy conferred the honorary title of the Rescuer City to Rzeszów and invited the Rada to expand the rights of Polish citizens in Ukraine 22 May 2022 - 16:24 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced the signing of Decree № 355/2022 on the establishment of the honorary title "Rescuer City", and the first to receive this title was the Polish city of Rzeszów. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the joint participation with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda in the plenary session of the Verkhovna Rada 22 May 2022 - 16:03 I believe that soon Ukrainians and Poles will gather at one big table to share this bread. Share the feelings - the most important feelings - of peace. Share the taste of victory. Victory of Ukraine. Joint victory. The war continues, and each of us must take care of the defense every day - address by the President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 23:45 Maybe someone in the rear cities thinks that one can forget about the war. And become carefree. Or even careless. It isn’t so. Every day Ukrainians die for our independence. Every day! And each and every one of us must take care of our defense on a daily basis. With anything they can. In a way they can. Ihor Zhovkva met with members of the Italian parliament 21 May 2022 - 20:51 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Chairman of the Interparliamentary Relations Group with Ukraine in the Italian Parliament Ugo Cappellacci and Member of the Foreign Affairs Commission Matteo Perego di Cremnago. Andriy Yermak met with the heads of embassies of the European Union member states and the EU Delegation 21 May 2022 - 17:35 Andriy Yermak noted the importance of resuming the work of diplomatic missions and stressed: "This is a powerful signal for Ukrainians, a demonstration of faith in our country and its victory." If the world does not help Ukraine unblock its ports, the energy crisis will be followed by a food crisis - President 21 May 2022 - 17:19 The world community must help Ukraine unblock seaports, otherwise the energy crisis will be followed by a food crisis and many more countries will face it, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Volodymyr Zelenskyy expects positive decisions from the second meeting of partner countries in the Ramstein format 21 May 2022 - 16:32 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy expects that the result of the second meeting of the partner countries in the composition in which they met at Ramstein Air Base, scheduled for May 23 in online format, will be the provision of Ukraine with the necessary weapons to defend its territories. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Prime Minister of Portugal in Kyiv 21 May 2022 - 15:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the Portuguese Republic António Costa, who is on a visit to our country. Before the war, the allies recommended that we dig trenches, and we told them: give weapons - President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 12:19 A full-scale Russian invasion of Ukraine could not be repulsed at once because the enemy was advancing simultaneously from several directions and used a large amount of manpower. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with the host of the United News telethon. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 121 122 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine