19 captures 26 Nov 2021 - 09 Nov 2025 May JUN Jul 18 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240618171913/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/imovirnist-eskalaciyi-z-boku-rosiyi-isnuye-postijno-i-ukrayi-71705 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos No Pauses Now, We Have Made the First Tangible Step Towards Peace – Address by the President of Ukraine 17 June 2024 - 19:25 View all videos n latest news The President Met with the Speaker of Lithuania’s Seimas 18 June 2024 - 19:11 Presidential Office Held a Discussion on Reforming Legal Education 18 June 2024 - 16:53 The Topic of the Fourth Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen Will Be Child Security 18 June 2024 - 14:02 Courage and Professionalism Must Ensure Our Victory – President at the Graduation Ceremony of the Strategic and Operational Level Training Course at the National Defense University 18 June 2024 - 13:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Took Part in Festivities on the Occasion of Graduation of the Officers from the National Defense University 18 June 2024 - 13:08 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The possibility of escalation on the part of Russia is constant, and Ukraine is ready for it - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 November 2021 - 13:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated that the possibility of escalation by Russia and the illegal armed groups supported by it has been constant for many years, and Ukraine is fully prepared for it, but now Ukrainian citizens are being deliberately intimidated by certain forces and media resources under their control. "We have been at war for eight years. And the likelihood of large-scale or continuation of a strong escalation by Russia or militants backed by the Russian Federation may take place any day. But I think that today there is intimidation from some sites and media that there will be a war tomorrow," the President said during a press marathon"30 questions to the President of Ukraine". Volodymyr Zelenskyy assured that Ukraine fully controls its state borders and is fully prepared for any escalation. The President stressed that our state can always count on its powerful army, which is being modernized, receiving new equipment and increased military's financial support. "We receive intelligence data on a daily basis. And not only from our intelligence service, but also from the intelligence of partner countries that support us," he said. According to the President, foreign leaders are trying to help in the negotiations between Ukraine and the Russian Federation. "They want contacts between the Office of the President and the administration of the President of Russia. I think that in the near future Yermak (Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak - ed.) will contact them," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. At the same time, the Head of State noted that Ukraine faces challenges not only from Russia, but also internal challenges. In particular, he noted that he had received information about the intention to organize a coup d'état in the country. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, there is even an audio recording in which certain people from Ukraine discuss relevant issues with people from Russia and consider the possibility of involving representatives of Ukrainian big business in these processes. ph Press marathon with the participation of the President of Ukraine 26 November 2021 - 12:57 ph Press marathon with the participation of the President of Ukraine 26 November 2021 - 12:57 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine