1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309051514/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=18 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – National Security and Defense Council chaired by President discusses steps to ensure Ukraine's national security 30 December 2021 - 21:18 The last meeting of the National Security and Defense Council in 2021, chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, was held, at which a number of issues were discussed, including the fight against external and internal threats. Zelenskyy on New Year's Eve meets with 17-year-old Vasyl Kovach who overcame serious illness 30 December 2021 - 16:41 On the eve of the New Year holidays, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with 17-year-old Vasyl Kovach, a native of the village of Solotvino in Zakarpattia region. The young man dreamed of being photographed with the head of state after overcoming a serious cancer. President approves terms for military discharge for servicemen, annual call-ups for compulsory military service in 2022 30 December 2021 - 12:13 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has signed Decree No. 687/2021, which sets the terms of the annual call-ups of Ukrainian citizens for compulsory military service, military discharge of servicemen who are liable for terminating this service, and the procedure for implementing measures related to the preparation and conduct of regular conscriptions in 2022. Some 5.5 million Ukrainians take advantage of offer to receive payments for full vaccination against COVID-19 – meeting with President 28 December 2021 - 15:23 In Ukraine, 28.05 million vaccine dozes against COVID-19 were given, and 14.6 million people have got vaccines, of which 13.4 million people have got two doses. This was discussed at a conference call devoted to combating the spread of coronavirus chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Zelenskyy holds video meeting with group of U.S. senators and congressmen 24 December 2021 - 21:44 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video meeting with a group of more than 20 U.S. senators and congressmen representing the Democratic and Republican parties. President appoints Oleh Synehubov Head of Kharkiv Regional State Administration 24 December 2021 - 20:44 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has signed Decree No. 676/2021 on the appointment of Oleh Synehubov as Head of Kharkiv Regional State Administration. Zelenskyy has telephone talk with President of Azerbaijan 24 December 2021 - 18:10 The President congratulated his counterpart on his anniversary and wished him inspiration and further success in serving the homeland for the benefit of the Azerbaijani people. At initiative of President, government developing mechanisms to support Ukrainian producers to avoid rising prices for staple foods 24 December 2021 - 17:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the impact of the energy crisis in Europe on the Ukrainian food industry. Based on its results, the government was tasked to develop mechanisms to support domestic producers of staple foods, including staple bread. President at meeting in SBU: Security of Ukraine is major priority of the state now 24 December 2021 - 14:25 Ensuring security in Ukraine in its broadest sense is the major priority of the state today, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said at the wrap-up meeting of the board of the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) held in Kyiv. Zelenskyy: Over 40% of Ukraine's main road network renovated, built within two years under Large Construction Program 24 December 2021 - 12:57 Thanks to the Large Construction national program more than 14,000 km of roads in Ukraine has been upgraded and built in two years. Next year, the program will be expanded with projects to modernize border crossing points. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the Large Construction: Roads and Bridges national forum. 1 2 ... 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine