1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071947/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=61 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Batumi Summit Declaration Issued by the Heads of State of Association Trio - Georgia, Republic of Moldova and Ukraine 19 July 2021 - 17:55 We, the Heads of State of Georgia, Republic of Moldova and Ukraine have gathered in Batumi to strengthen the trilateral cooperation among our countries on European integration and reiterate our pledge to work together for the peaceful, democratic and prosperous European future for Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine. If the EU does not show iron support for the European aspirations of Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova, someone will show iron muscles near our borders - President 19 July 2021 - 17:07 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked for the Conclusions of the European Council of June 24 and noted the importance of recognition of the European aspirations of the associate partners by the EU leaders. At the same time, it is equally important to turn them into real steps and actions. He said this during his participation in the Batumi International Conference. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova are united by a common aspiration for EU membership, and the price for this is annexation, occupation and war 19 July 2021 - 16:27 Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova share a common vision of their future path - membership in the European Union, and they need the support of the EU in this, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his speech at the first session of the Batumi International Conference. President observed the security situation on the occupation line along the administrative boundary line with Abkhazia 19 July 2021 - 13:49 The Head of State walked along the Ingur Bridge, which is currently the only checkpoint in the region. The President noted that during his visit to the Abastumani monitoring point he had the opportunity to see the occupation of part of the country's sovereign territory. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will take part in the Batumi International Conference 19 July 2021 - 07:12 On July 19, 2021, Volodymyr Zelenskyy will pay a working visit to Georgia to launch the Associated Trio of Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova at the level of heads of state. The leaders of the three countries will sign the Declaration of the Associated Trio Summit and hold a joint meeting with President of the European Council Charles Michel. President expressed condolences to the families of the victims of the devastating floods in Western Europe 17 July 2021 - 17:46 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed condolences to the families of the victims of the devastating floods in Western Europe and hopes that the consequences of the disaster will be promptly eliminated. We remember the tragedy of the MH17 flight and believe in bringing the perpetrators to justice - President 17 July 2021 - 10:35 Today, July 17, is the seventh anniversary of the tragedy of the Malaysia Airlines MH17 plane, which was shot down by a Buk anti-aircraft missile from the occupied territory of Donbas. Ukraine is closely monitoring the ongoing trial in the Netherlands and looks forward to Russia cooperating with investigators in the case to find out the truth and bring the perpetrators to justice. The date and agenda of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's visit to the United States will be announced in the near future - Press Secretary of the President 16 July 2021 - 19:15 Regarding Volodymyr Zelenskyy's visit to the United States, the President's spokesman noted that all agreements are currently being finalized and the date and agenda will be announced shortly. Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the presentation of the Minister of Internal Affairs: Trust and respect for law enforcement agencies is the most important thing for the new minister 16 July 2021 - 16:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the presentation of the newly appointed Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine Denys Monastyrskyi to the staff of the Ministry. Earlier on Friday, the Verkhovna Rada appointed Denys Monastyrskyi as head of the Interior Ministry. Ihor Zhovkva discussed Ukraine's European integration aspirations with the Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Croatia 16 July 2021 - 11:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held talks with Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Croatia Vladimir Drobnjak. 1 2 ... 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine