10 captures 24 Aug 2023 - 18 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230824010554/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-ne-obminyuyemo-nashi-teritoriyi-na-bud-yake-chlenstvo-u-b-85141 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia caused the isolation of Crimea, we will return the whole world to Crimea - President's speech at the third Crimea Platform Summit 23 August 2023 - 17:38 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the National Legend of Ukraine Presidential Award 23 August 2023 - 22:27 We do not exchange our territories for any membership in any union - President of Ukraine 23 August 2023 - 21:22 Olena Zelenska: Neonatal ambulances for Ukrainian hospitals are an effective result of our negotiations on the margins of the UN General Assembly 23 August 2023 - 21:05 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with U.S. Senators 23 August 2023 - 20:33 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the presentation of the National Legend of Ukraine Presidential Award 23 August 2023 - 21:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We do not exchange our territories for any membership in any union - President of Ukraine 23 August 2023 - 21:22 Ukraine is fighting for the de-occupation of Crimea and all other Ukrainian territories temporarily occupied by Russia and is not ready to give up any of its lands in exchange for membership in any union. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives in the framework of the 3rd Summit of the International Crimea Platform in Kyiv. "My position is unequivocal: Crimea is Ukraine. We are fighting for Crimea and all other temporarily occupied Ukrainian territories and will not exchange our territories for any membership in any union," the Head of State said. He noted that the security and defense forces of Ukraine are conducting a counteroffensive to de-occupy our cities and villages, but this is a difficult task. According to him, Ukraine has a constant need for artillery and long-range weapons, so the help of partners is very important. "If we are talking about long-range weapons, we are working on it. Diplomats, the Head of the President's Office, the Minister of Foreign Affairs have respective tasks. I am working on this in different directions. We are lobbying in different ways, but we will definitely get results. Just like we got serious missiles. Now that we are using them, it is no longer a secret. It was not easy. We have Storm Shadow. Just like with Rishi (Sunak - ed.), I negotiated with Emmanuel Macron about SCALP missiles. We have received SCALPs, they are working, the troops are very satisfied. Almost one hundred percent accuracy in hitting the enemy," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine also spoke about plans to enhance security in the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov. "Diplomats have been tasked with preparing a security alliance of the Black Sea countries - not contrary to NATO, don't think so: it is jointly with NATO countries. So that we have a joint defense of the Black Sea and Azov coasts against Russian aggression. I would even say: The Azov, Black Sea and Baltic space," the Head of State emphasized. v Videos ph Meetings of the President on Ukraine's National Flag Day and within the III Crimea Platform Summit 23 August 2023 - 11:32 ph Meetings of the President on Ukraine's National Flag Day and within the III Crimea Platform Summit 23 August 2023 - 11:32 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine