8 captures 11 Dec 2023 - 06 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 11 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231211095416/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=180 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The peoples of Ukraine and Argentina above all value freedom, their identity, and strive to live with dignity – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 December 2023 - 01:29 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to Argentina 10 December 2023 - 15:51 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Address by the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak to the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Gulf Cooperation Council 2 June 2022 - 11:40 Ukraine and your countries have long been reliable partners and friends. Nothing will change that. Our ties will be strengthened as the crisis not only brings challenges but also opens up new opportunities. We greatly appreciate the help that your countries already provide. This is really important for us. We ask you to take further action to help us punish the aggressor and end this war. In cooperation with UNICEF a plan to rebuild destroyed schools by September 1 was developed - Kyrylo Tymoshenko 2 June 2022 - 10:52 On June 1, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko together with UNICEF Ukraine Representative Murat Sahin visited the Center for Support of Children and Families "Spilno" in Bucha. It was opened at the initiative of UNICEF in Ukraine. Every person matters, this is the main thing that distinguishes us from the occupiers - address by the President of Ukraine 2 June 2022 - 00:23 The inevitability of punishment is a principle that Ukraine will definitely teach Russia. But first of all, we must teach it on the battlefield that Ukraine will not be conquered, that our people will not surrender, and our children will not become the property of the occupiers. President took part in a meeting of the Council on Issues Related to the Life and Safety of Children in Wartime and talked with children in Ukraine and abroad 1 June 2022 - 17:15 During the event, the President spoke in a video conference format with Ukrainian children temporarily staying in the Republic of Poland and with students of Drohobych Lyceum, among whom were residents of different regions of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the opening of the Ukrainian-Polish intergovernmental consultations 1 June 2022 - 16:51 Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the exceptional support for our state by the Republic of Poland, which has manifested itself in many areas. In particular, this is unprecedented defense assistance, as well as support for Ukrainian citizens who were forced to leave for Poland to escape the war waged by Russia. Andriy Yermak: Weapons, sanctions and consolidated position of democratic world will help stop Russian aggression 1 June 2022 - 10:02 "I am convinced that if we get all the necessary weapons and the effective sanctions regime is strengthened, we will win. It will be a victory not only for Ukraine, it will be a victory for all our partners and friends," Andriy Yermak stressed. Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak at a meeting of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Defence of the Irish Parliament 1 June 2022 - 09:20 The European Union is responding to Russia's aggression by gradually building up sanctions and gradually increasing arms supplies to Ukraine. It is too long and inefficient. We propose to change the approach. It is necessary to do what the Russians do not expect. A massive sanctions strike, intensified by the maximum number of heavy weapons for the Armed Forces of Ukraine, will not only help save thousands of lives. It will also help avoid a protracted war, for which Russia has already prepared. 1 2 ... 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine