14 captures 14 Mar 2023 - 31 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 14 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230314220129/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-iz-vikonavchim-direktorom-programi-o-81609 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will do everything possible and impossible to strengthen our warriors - address by the President of Ukraine 13 March 2023 - 21:46 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska held a video call with the First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda 14 March 2023 - 22:15 Joint Declaration of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of Iceland Katrín Jakobsdóttir 14 March 2023 - 20:18 Andriy Yermak discussed with the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme the issue of Russian responsibility for environmental crimes in Ukraine 14 March 2023 - 19:45 Ukrainian volunteers fight for our country every day and will definitely emerge victorious - Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with warriors who defend Ukraine in various units 14 March 2023 - 19:13 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed with the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme the issue of Russian responsibility for environmental crimes in Ukraine 14 March 2023 - 19:45 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) Inger Andersen. Andriy Yermak informed his interlocutor about the environmental crimes committed by the Russian aggressor during its full-scale invasion of Ukraine. Among other things, Russia is causing enormous damage to the ecological system of our country. The Head of the President's Office called on the international community, in particular the UN structures, to discuss the issue of preventing damage from the aggressive war waged by Russia in Ukraine more actively. According to Andriy Yermak, the world has no right to remain silent while Russia is destroying Ukraine's ecology every day. He noted that the aggressor must get a fair punishment for the crimes committed against the environment of our country. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that the estimated damage caused to Ukraine's environment as a result of the war amounts to UAH 2 trillion, excluding damage caused in the temporarily occupied territories. And the threats caused by Russia's war in Ukraine are global in nature. "Almost 80 years after World War II, we really found ourselves in the same situation. Therefore, it is necessary to talk about what is happening in the center of Europe, in a country with several nuclear power plants, one of which is still occupied by Russia, and no one knows what is happening there," said Andriy Yermak. For her part, Inger Andersen emphasized her support for Ukraine in overcoming the challenges faced by our country's ecological system due to the Russian invasion. She emphasized the importance of a deeper discussion of this issue at the expert level. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine