4 captures 20 Jul 2022 - 11 Jul 2025 Jun JUL Aug 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220720174619/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-vikonavchim-direktorom-svitovogo-76565 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos No matter how the occupiers try to hide, the Armed Forces and our intelligence will ensure retaliatory strikes, and every Russian criminal will be identified - address by the President of Ukraine 19 July 2022 - 23:13 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy supported the First Lady of Ukraine during her speech in the US Congress 20 July 2022 - 19:56 Andriy Yermak met with Executive Director of the Ukrainian World Congress 20 July 2022 - 19:00 President of Ukraine held a meeting with the ministers of Austria and the Czech Republic 20 July 2022 - 18:40 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the President of the European Council 20 July 2022 - 15:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with Ukrainian defenders and relatives of servicemen awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 14 July 2022 - 15:48 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with Executive Director of the Ukrainian World Congress 20 July 2022 - 19:00 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with Executive Director of the Ukrainian World Congress Sonya Soutus. Andriy Yermak emphasized the importance of real substantive support for our country from this organization, which unites millions of Ukrainians all over the world. "Today the whole world is with us, we have to respect that. But all countries have their own problems. Therefore, we have to use different platforms to be heard by different parts of societies in other countries. These people need to be told why they should be with Ukraine until we win," he said. Also, according to the Head of the President's Office, Russia's war against Ukraine, which became a tragedy for our country, is at the same time an opportunity to further unite all Ukrainians in the world. Andriy Yermak offered the Ukrainian World Congress to join the work of platforms that are currently engaged in the development of sanctions against Russia, security guarantees for Ukraine, issues of restitution, and to offer relevant specialists of Ukrainian origin. For her part, Sonya Soutus noted that the Ukrainian World Congress is ready to provide our country with all the necessary advocacy, communication and organizational support abroad. In particular, she noted that the UWC conducted an active campaign in support of granting Ukraine the status of a candidate for membership in the European Union. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine