3 captures 15 Feb 2022 - 09 Mar 2022 Jan FEB Mar 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220215014009/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-obgovoriv-z-predstavnikami-institucij-yes-klyuc-68925 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva and representatives of EU institutions discussed key issues on the agenda of relations between Ukraine and the European Union 8 June 2021 - 21:30 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Managing Director for Russia, Eastern Partnership, Central Asia, Regional Cooperation and the OSCE at the European External Action Service Michael Siebert and Deputy Director General of the Directorate for European Neighborhood and Enlargement Negotiations of the European Commission Katarína Mathernová. The parties exchanged views on the development of the security situation in eastern Ukraine. Ihor Zhovkva informed the representatives of European institutions in detail about the recent unprecedented increase in the number of Russian military units near the borders of Ukraine, which, despite statements of withdrawal, mostly remain in a state of combat readiness. "Only thanks to the unanimous and principled support of our partners, in particular the European Union, we managed to reduce tensions and prevent the worst-case scenario," he said. For his part, Michael Siebert noted the restrained and balanced reaction of Ukraine, which did not yield to provocations from the Russian side. Ihor Zhovkva thanked for the European Union's continued support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, called on the EU representatives to remain vigilant about possible further actions by the Russian side in the region and to take these circumstances into account when elaborating approaches to further developing EU relations with Russia. Katarína Mathernová informed about the work of the EU member states and institutions on the possibility of further expanding support for the eastern regions of Ukraine. The interlocutors paid special attention to the situation in the occupied Crimea, in particular regarding the militarization of the peninsula, unprecedented human rights violations, restrictions on freedom of navigation in the Kerch Strait. Ihor Zhovkva called on the EU representatives to extend the recently imposed global sanctions regime to those involved in systemic human rights violations in Crimea. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President also informed the participants in detail about the preparations for the inaugural summit of the Crimean Platform convened on the initiative of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, and thanked the EU for its decision to participate in the event at the highest level. Emphasis was also placed on key issues on the agenda of relations between Ukraine and the EU. Ukraine's progress in implementing systemic reforms was praised. Ihor Zhovkva outlined the main priorities on this path for the near future, in particular regarding the process of de-oligarchization initiated by the Head of State, as well as the reform of the civil security sector. The parties agreed to intensify efforts to prepare for the 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit, which is scheduled for October 12, 2021 in Kyiv. An algorithm for further action was agreed in the context of providing Ukraine with the second tranche of macro-financial assistance in the amount of 600 million euros, as well as the start of negotiations on the revision of tariffs and quotas within the deep and comprehensive free trade area. The participants of the meeting expressed a common expectation that all technical procedures necessary for the signing of the Common Aviation Area Agreement for the Ukraine-EU Summit will be completed within a month. The readiness to move to the second stage of the work of the preliminary assessment mission as regards preparation for the Agreement on Conformity Assessment and Acceptance of Industrial Products (ACAA) already in the summer was noted. At the end of the conversation, Ihor Zhovkva thanked the EU for its assistance in overcoming the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, in particular through the COVAX mechanism. The parties reaffirmed their commitment to ensure mutual recognition of digital vaccination certificates, which will allow resuming mutual travel between citizens of Ukraine and the EU. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine