4 captures 16 Sep 2024 - 15 Sep 2025 Aug SEP Oct 16 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240916182122/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=19-07-2023&date-to=19-07-2024&page=10 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Next Week, We Are Preparing to Present the Victory Plan to Our Allies – President’s Address 16 September 2024 - 19:50 View all videos pg Photo gallery President's Participation in the 20th Annual Yalta European Strategy Meeting 13 September 2024 - 15:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – On the Occasion of the National Police Day of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Law Enforcement Officers and Presented them with State Awards 4 July 2024 - 14:11 More than 850 officers of the National Police of Ukraine have been honored with state awards during the full-scale war. We Are Preparing for the NATO Summit in Washington, Including from the Perspective of Patriots for Ukraine – the Address by the President of Ukraine 3 July 2024 - 19:50 Today I held several meetings on our communication with partners – on plans for this July. There will be important negotiations. Some progress has also been made on new security agreements for Ukraine. Euro-Atlantic Integration, Defense Support and Energy Security: Ukrainian Delegation Met with Jake Sullivan 3 July 2024 - 15:15 During the meeting, they summarized the results of the first Peace Summit and coordinated steps for the coming weeks and months for the concrete implementation of its outcomes and the preparation for the second Peace Summit. One of the Practical Outcomes of the Peace Summit Could Be a Resolution on Nuclear Safety – President During Meeting with UN General Assembly President 3 July 2024 - 15:07 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Dennis Francis, President of the 78th session of the UN General Assembly, who is visiting Ukraine. Andriy Yermak in Washington Discussed NATO Summit Preparations and Support for Ukraine with U.S. President's Assistant 3 July 2024 - 11:05 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak, during his visit to Washington, met with Phil Gordon, Assistant to the U.S. President and National Security Advisor to the U.S. Vice President. Ukrainian Delegation Began Its Visit to the United States and Met with Antony Blinken 2 July 2024 - 21:20 The Head of the Office of the President, together with Deputy Prime Minister for European and Euro-Atlantic Integration Olha Stefanishyna, Minister of Defense Rustem Umerov and Minister of Energy German Galushchenko, began his visit to the United States with a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken. We Are Doing Our Best to Increase Electricity Imports, and This Should Be a European Decision — the Address by the President of Ukraine 2 July 2024 - 18:18 We are now consuming the full volume of imports agreed with the EU, and I am grateful to all our neighbors for this assistance. Ukraine and the Czech Republic Held Another Round of Talks on Bilateral Security Agreement 2 July 2024 - 16:37 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine and the Head of the Presidential Office and in pursuance of the G7 Joint Declaration, Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva held another round of talks with the Czech side on signing a bilateral security agreement. Hungary's EU Presidency, Security Issues, and the Bilateral Relations Agreement: Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Viktor Orbán in Kyiv 2 July 2024 - 15:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Hungary Viktor Orbán in Kyiv. His visit took place immediately after the start of Hungary's EU presidency. This Month Can Bring Ukraine Even More Strength, in Particular in Protecting the Sky – Address by the President of Ukraine 1 July 2024 - 19:43 For Russia, all this must end in defeat – and only then will the very idea of a war against Ukraine be defeated. We are doing everything for this with both weapons and diplomacy. 1 2 ... 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine