3 captures 16 Feb 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Feb MAR Apr 16 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230316131437/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zustrivsya-z-liderom-lejboristskoyi-partiyi-v-81029 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Now we feel that the Russian aggression is approaching the point where it can break - address by the President of Ukraine 15 March 2023 - 22:49 View all videos n latest news Ihor Zhovkva met with the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Estonia 16 March 2023 - 09:26 Now we feel that the Russian aggression is approaching the point where it can break - address by the President of Ukraine 15 March 2023 - 22:45 President of Ukraine had a meeting with American entrepreneur and philanthropist Laurene Powell Jobs 15 March 2023 - 19:29 The strength of our defense and security forces is in the strength of our people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 March 2023 - 23:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President met with the Leader of the British Labour Party 16 February 2023 - 21:14 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Leader of the Labour Party and the Official Opposition of the United Kingdom Keir Starmer who is on a visit to our country. The Head of State emphasized that the priority is to further strengthen support for Ukraine from partners and allies, among whom the UK is one of the major. That is why the visit of the Leader of the Labour Party is extremely important. "It is important that you are here and will see all the consequences of aggression and Russian crimes with your own eyes," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine expressed gratitude for the warm welcome during his visit to the UK, as well as for the opportunity to address British lawmakers. "I was overwhelmed by the way I was received. I thank the parliament, the government, and all the British people for the support your country is giving us in these difficult times," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed Keir Starmer about the situation on the frontline and possible developments at the front in the coming months. At the same time, the Head of State expressed confidence that the Russian aggressor would not achieve its goals and emphasized the high motivation of Ukrainian warriors. The President emphasized the leading defense assistance provided to Ukraine by the United Kingdom and stressed that our country's priorities today are to obtain combat aircraft and long-range weapons. During the meeting, the parties discussed the confiscation of Russian assets and their use for the reconstruction of our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized the importance of establishing a Special Tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine and expressed hope that the United Kingdom would play an important role in this process. “Justice must be served. Ukrainians who lost their loved ones are waiting for that,” the President said. The issue of increasing sanctions pressure on the aggressor state in key areas was also raised. Separately, Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that Russia should be recognized as a terrorist state for all crimes committed in Ukraine during the war, and the Wagner PMC should be recognized as a terrorist organization. In the course of the meeting, the Head of State emphasized the importance of recognizing the Holodomor of 1932-1933 as genocide of the Ukrainian people by the UK. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine