3 captures 20 Oct 2023 - 18 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231020191214/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-mikolayivshini-glava-derzhavi-vidvidav-vijskovij-gospital-86485 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos These days, Russian losses are really impressive, and it is exactly the kind of losses of the occupier that Ukraine needs – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 October 2023 - 16:56 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska Foundation to restore children's creative and sports hub in Borodianka 20 October 2023 - 18:13 These days, Russian losses are really impressive, and it is exactly the kind of losses of the occupier that Ukraine needs – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 October 2023 - 16:50 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olaf Scholz discussed defense support, Ukraine's movement towards the EU and the situation in the Middle East 20 October 2023 - 16:26 In Mykolaiv region, the Head of State visited the military hospital where he awarded wounded defenders of Ukraine and medics 20 October 2023 - 16:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In Mykolaiv region, the Head of State visited the military hospital where he awarded wounded defenders of Ukraine and medics 20 October 2023 - 16:07 During a working trip to Mykolaiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the military hospital where wounded Ukrainian servicemen are undergoing treatment. The Head of State had a conversation with the defenders of Ukraine who were wounded in the battle in the Kherson sector and their families. The servicemen told the President about their condition and treatment. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked them for their heroic service for the sake of our country and people. "All the best to you. Get well soon. Thank you for your service. You are doing great. Glory to Ukraine!" he said. The President presented the defenders with the Order "For Courage" III class, which was awarded for personal courage and selfless actions in the defense of state sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also met with the hospital's medical staff. He wished the military doctors good health, as the health of Ukrainian servicemen depends on it. "Thank you for saving their lives. For your daily work, especially in this difficult time. I would like to thank doctors, nurses, ambulance drivers, everyone who works for the victory," the Head of State noted. The President wished all those present only victory and presented the military medics with the Orders of Danylo Halytskyi, which they were awarded for exemplary performance of military duty and selfless actions in providing medical care to the defenders of Ukraine. ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine