25 captures 23 Mar 2023 - 12 Jul 2025 Feb MAR Apr 23 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230323235046/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-vilnij-teritoriyi-hersonshini-ponad-50-sil-majzhe-povnist-81773 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:35 View all videos n latest news In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:34 President of Ukraine spoke in an online format at a meeting of the European Council and told five key reasons protracting the war and pushing peace further away 23 March 2023 - 20:48 If Europe hesitates, evil can prepare itself for years of war, it is in your power not to allow this to happen - Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the participants of the European Council meeting 23 March 2023 - 20:42 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting regarding the situation in the Kherson region and awarded Ukrainian defenders 23 March 2023 - 13:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson region 23 March 2023 - 13:06 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:34 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! I have returned from the Kherson region - my day was devoted primarily to this region of ours. The security situation: our responses to the enemy shelling of the Kherson region, counter-battery fighting and everything else that our soldiers do so that the occupier knows that we will not forgive or forget terror. Today, the Russian army struck again at the Kherson region, hit Beryslav - the local administration, houses, the museum... Even the historical museum in Beryslav is a threat to Russia for some reason... An absolutely mindless state, purely a terrorist state. Which we will neutralize. I held a long meeting in Kherson with all those responsible for the region: for defense, for the social situation. We separately and carefully considered the energy situation, the issue of recovery. In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier. In some places, more than 90% of the buildings in the villages are ruined. But even in such villages, people return, and this is proof that life still prevails. Today I was in one of the largest such villages - Posad-Pokrovske. Once one of the largest, before the invasion of Russia. And we will do everything to make this village one of the largest again - we will do everything to rebuild our territories. I am grateful to everyone who helps restore the normality of life after the Russian evil. To everyone who, even in such difficult areas, continues to work and give work, to everyone who helps our soldiers. I especially want to thank everyone involved in demining. It is nice to see when the fields of the Kherson region, cleared of Russian mines and shells, are cultivated again, live again. Of course, there are still few such lands, and there is still enough work for our sappers and pyrotechnicians... But I am sure that we will cleanse our land of all the deadly manifestations of Russia. All of Ukraine will live. I am grateful to Finland, which today announced a new package of security support. Among other things, these are demining machines. Plus, of course, important things for our military on the frontline. I had the honor to present state awards today to our soldiers who distinguished themselves in the defense of the Kherson region and the whole of Ukraine. On the train of our "Ukrzaliznytsia" - by the way, I thank the entire team of our strong railway - I took part online in the meeting of the European Council, which took place in Brussels with the participation of the leaders of all EU states and the President of the European Council Charles Michel. I was very specific in this address. I pointed out the strong steps taken by the partners. But I also noted things that, unfortunately, do not allow us to speed up the liberation of the territories, do not allow us to speed up the end of the war. First of all, it is the supply of more effective weapons to our warriors - long-range weapons and modern aircraft, regarding which we still see a certain delay in the decisions of our partners. It is also important to move more actively in the direction of new and stronger sanctions against Russia for terror and new steps in our Ukrainian integration with the structures of the European Union. I am sure: the partners have heard Ukraine's position. And one more thing. Today we have a result which we have been working on for some time. An agreement was signed on the opening of a representative office of the International Criminal Court in Ukraine. This step will allow international justice to be even more active in investigating the crimes of the Russian military on our Ukrainian soil. I am thankful to the entire team of the International Criminal Court, the Office of the Prosecutor General, our partners, everyone who helps the work of international justice - the investigation of Russian crimes against Ukraine and Ukrainians. Glory to all who are now fighting for freedom! Glory to each and every one who defends our Kherson region, our Mykolaiv region, Odesa region, Dnipropetrovsk region, Zaporizhzhia, Donbas, Kharkiv region, Sumy region, Chernihiv region and all of our Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine