1 capture 02 Dec 2022 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202134129/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=06-10-2021&date-to=06-10-2022&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Civilized world must show Russia that it will not get away with either attempted annexation or nuclear blackmail – Andriy Yermak in column for The Atlantic 1 October 2022 - 17:56 The response to Russia's nuclear blackmail must be fierce and unequivocal, otherwise every dictator will scramble to obtain nuclear weapons, and al nonproliferation agreements will be worthless. This is stated in the column of Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak published in the U.S. magazine The Atlantic. Negotiations with Russia can resume only when Russian army leaves entire territory of Ukraine, including Crimea – Podolyak in interview with La Repubblica 1 October 2022 - 15:04 Despite the statement of the authorities of the Russian Federation that it is ready for negotiations, it puts forward only ultimatums, so in such conditions the settlement of the conflict by diplomatic means is impossible, Mykhailo Podolyak, the adviser to the head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, said in an interview with the Italian publication La Repubblica. Ukraine to continue liberating its territories despite any statements from Russia – Mykhailo Podolyak in interview with Politico 1 October 2022 - 13:18 "We have no other options when it comes to ending the war properly. We can't leave some enclave [under Russian occupation] or create a new dividing line," Podolyak said. Our path is path of independence, territorial integrity, integration with civilized world, path of Russia is defeat and shame – address of President of Ukraine 30 September 2022 - 21:43 We must liberate our entire land, and this will be the best proof that international law and human values cannot be broken by any terrorist state, even one as insolent as Russia. Andriy Yermak has phone talk with Italian senator Adolfo Urso 30 September 2022 - 20:52 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a telephone conversation with the Italian senator, the head of the parliamentary committee for the security of the Italian Republic, Adolfo Urso. President of Ukraine has telephone talk with Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen 30 September 2022 - 20:25 The head of state expressed gratitude to Denmark and personally to the head of the government for the effective defense, financial and humanitarian support of Ukraine from the very beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia. Achievements of students at Olympiads, as well as victories at front is evidence of conscientious work of Ukrainian educators today – Head of State 30 September 2022 - 19:32 On the occasion of the upcoming Educator's Day of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to educators and certificates for receiving the Head of State's award to the winners of international student Olympiads. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discusses further support for Ukraine with Prime Minister of Japan 30 September 2022 - 18:45 Zelenskyy thanked Kishida for Japan's clear support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our country. The importance of the Japanese Prime Minister's condemnation of Russia's nuclear blackmail during his speech at the opening of the 77th session of the UN General Assembly in New York was noted. We are taking our decisive step by signing Ukraine's application for accelerated accession to NATO - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 30 September 2022 - 17:02 De facto, we have already completed our path to NATO. Today, Ukraine is applying to make it de jure. Under a procedure consistent with our significance for the protection of our entire community. Under an accelerated procedure. President held a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council to discuss the issue of ensuring the collective security of Ukraine and the Euro-Atlantic space 30 September 2022 - 16:39 The members of the National Security and Defense Council discussed the issue of another attempt to annex the territory of Ukraine and the escalation of armed aggression by the Russian Federation. In addition, the NSDC considered the issue of ensuring the collective security of Ukraine and the Euro-Atlantic space. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 152 153 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine