1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024605/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=24 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Deputy Head of the Presidential Office discussed creation of international tribunal with HRW representatives 28 February 2023 - 19:28 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Smyrnov met with representatives of the largest U.S. human rights organization Human Right Watch. Andriy Yermak handed over a letter to the Secretary-General of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development confirming Ukraine's membership in the OECD Working Group 28 February 2023 - 15:57 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with a delegation of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development headed by OECD Secretary-General Mathias Cormann. We must have effective and efficient mechanisms to fight corruption - Andriy Yermak on Ukraine's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery 27 February 2023 - 22:02 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a regular meeting of the Ukrainian working group to develop proposals for Ukraine's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery in International Business Transactions. Tetiana Lomakina spoke at the Zero Project Conference in Vienna about the needs and challenges faced by people with disabilities in Ukraine due to Russian aggression 27 February 2023 - 15:11 Advisor - Presidential Commissioner for Barrier-Free Environment Tetiana Lomakina took part in the global Zero Project Conference in Vienna. She described how the war changed the lives of people from different social groups, including people with disabilities. We will never forget the incredible support of the American people - Andriy Yermak on Fox News 27 February 2023 - 09:01 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak is convinced that by their heroic struggle against Russian aggression, Ukrainians have reminded the world of the true values of democracy and freedom, which always prevail. He said this on the air of the American TV channel Fox News. We count on Saudi Arabia's support for the Ukrainian Peace Formula - Andriy Yermak 26 February 2023 - 19:56 Andriy Yermak noted that our country highly appreciates today's visit to Kyiv by the Saudi delegation headed by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and considers it an important evidence of support for our country, especially in these days of the anniversary of the beginning of the full-scale aggression of the Russian Federation. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Saudi Arabia 26 February 2023 - 18:24 The Head of the President's Office emphasized that Ukraine is extremely interested in developing relations with Saudi Arabia. By winning the war, Ukraine will restore respect for international law, the UN Charter, the atmosphere of security throughout Europe and the world – Andriy Yermak in an interview with the French BFM TV 24 February 2023 - 21:59 According to the head of the Office of the President, now, it is time to give Ukraine all the necessary weapons so that our defense forces can end the war and defeat the Russian occupier, which will mean the victory of Europe and the free world. Abduction of children is one of the components of the crime of genocide against the Ukrainian people committed by Russia - Daria Herasymchuk 24 February 2023 - 10:59 Daria Herasymchuk, Advisor - Presidential Commissioner for Children's Rights and Child Rehabilitation, took part in the high-level event "Gross Human Rights Violations Due to Aggression against Ukraine" held in the hall of the Trusteeship Council at the UN Headquarters in New York. Andriy Yermak: Ukraine together with partners will continue to work on improving sanctions restrictions against Russia 23 February 2023 - 20:24 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak emphasizes that Ukraine, together with its partners, will continue to work on improving sanctions against the Russian Federation. He said this during an online speech at the meeting of the Sanctions Coordinators Forum, which is taking place in Brussels. 1 2 ... 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine