1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033037/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=64 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska opens a monument to children killed as a result of Russian armed aggression in Kharkiv 4 June 2023 - 16:51 On the International Day of Innocent Children Victims of Aggression, which is marked annually on June 4, a monument to children killed because of the armed aggression of the Russian Federation was unveiled in the city with the assistance of the Office of the First Lady, the Head of the Kharkiv Regional Military Administration Oleh Syniehubov, volunteers and the public. Please don't forget to thank our warriors in person – address of President of Ukraine 3 June 2023 - 22:39 We should all remember that our defense, our active actions, and the independence of Ukraine are not something abstract. These are very particular people, particular actions of particular heroes, thanks to which Ukraine exists and Ukraine will exist. Head of the Office of Ukraine's President had phone talk with US President's National Security Advisor as part of ongoing dialog with allies 3 June 2023 - 09:57 Yermak expressed gratitude to the United States for its leadership role in providing Ukraine with the weapons and capabilities it needs to combat Russian aggression, as well helping fulfill long term needs for the Ukrainian Air Force. We strive to make the country's entire space people-centric – Olena Zelenska attending the opening of the largest children's zone at the station in Kyiv 2 June 2023 - 20:36 UNICEF, together with Ukrzaliznytsia, opened the largest children's space Spilno (Together) at the Kyiv Central Train Station. It is adapted for a comfortable stay for parents with children. It has booths for breastfeeding and a library. And it also has a sports and game area, a football corner, and a full-blown science museum with railway exhibits. Ukrainian air shield must continuously have all it needs – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 2 June 2023 - 19:50 All the details regarding our air defense system – its further development, supply, and production of the necessary missiles in Ukraine were also discussed at the Staff meeting. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine wants to have clear security guarantees before joining NATO, which will be the main guarantee 2 June 2023 - 16:37 According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, today the security guarantees for our country are sanctions, financial guarantees, weapons, etc. Volodymyr Zelenskyy following talks with Alar Karis in Kyiv: We can prepare more powerful steps at the front together 2 June 2023 - 16:13 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with President of the Republic of Estonia Alar Karis, who arrived in our country on a visit. Briefing for representatives of the diplomatic corps of the countries of the Global South on Ukraine's sanctions priorities held in the Office of the President 2 June 2023 - 08:54 First Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yulia Svyrydenko and Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office Vladyslav Vlasiuk held a briefing for representatives of the diplomatic corps of the countries of the Global South on Ukraine's sanctions priorities. The war is on our land, so the Peace Formula can only be Ukrainian – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 June 2023 - 23:14 Ukraine is extremely interested in the initiatives of other states for a peaceful settlement, but only on the basis of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives in the framework of the second meeting of the European Political Community in Moldova. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Olaf Scholz in the framework of the European Political Community Summit 1 June 2023 - 22:37 On the sidelines of the European Political Community Summit in Moldova, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Federal Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz. 1 2 ... 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine