10 captures 31 Mar 2022 - 10 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 31 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220331081107/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dajte-nam-bilshe-zbroyi-andrij-yermak-73977 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will not give up anything and will fight for every meter of our land, for every person - address by the President of Ukraine 30 March 2022 - 23:57 View all videos n latest news Ukraine needs more weapons, because we defend the values of a democratic world - Head of the President's Office 31 March 2022 - 10:14 Give us more weapons - Andriy Yermak 31 March 2022 - 00:00 We will not give up anything and will fight for every meter of our land, for every person - address by the President of Ukraine 30 March 2022 - 23:53 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had an hour-long phone conversation with Joseph Biden 30 March 2022 - 20:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Give us more weapons - Andriy Yermak 31 March 2022 - 00:00 Ukraine calls on Canada and other partners to supply weapons. This was announced by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak during an online conversation with journalists of the Canadian Global News. "We need more weapons. Small arms, demining systems, drones, counter-battery radars, howitzers, body armor... Everything! But first of all, we need to close the sky to protect our cities from missiles," Andriy Yermak explained. The situation in the capital of Ukraine, Kyiv, he noted, is as normal as possible in the current conditions. At the same time, there is no reason to talk about a full-fledged withdrawal of Russian troops from the Kyiv direction. "Our people are calm, they are full of dignity and energy. Kyiv is reviving, shops are working, all services are working, public transport is working. Air alarms have already become a certain element of the current life of people in the city," said the Head of the Office of the President. He referred to President Volodymyr Zelenskyy who said in his address that the Ukrainian side has not yet seen the Russians withdraw all their forces from the Kyiv direction. There are some movements, but it is more like a change of position or regrouping. Andriy Yermak noted that according to one of the probable scenarios, the Russians will concentrate their forces around Donbas. He reminded that the blockade of Mariupol continues and the situation in this city is catastrophic. Ukraine continues negotiations with many foreign leaders to unblock Mariupol as soon as possible. Andriy Yermak stressed that the world community should continue to increase pressure on Russia. In particular, a group of Ukrainian and international experts has been set up at the President's Office, which has already begun analyzing the real impact of sanctions against Russia and developing proposals for new effective measures. The Head of the Office of the President also stressed the importance of increasing military assistance to Ukraine, in particular from Canada. "Every hour of the war takes the lives of Ukrainians and causes great damage to our country," he concluded. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine