10 captures 07 Feb 2023 - 21 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 07 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230207022155/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=1 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Good motivation plus good training equals the ability of our defense forces to regain what belongs to Ukraine - President's address 6 February 2023 - 21:37 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the EU-Ukraine Summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 17:26 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The key task this week is energy – address of President 25 November 2022 - 22:05 Please, it is necessary to consume electricity sparingly in all regions, as before. If you don't have a power outage, it doesn't mean the problem is over. Please, if you have electricity, this does not mean that you can turn on several powerful electrical appliances at once. Head of state inspects residential building in Vyshgorod damaged in Russian missile attack, visits Points of Invincibility 25 November 2022 - 20:18 President of Ukraine visited the city of Vyshgorod, Kyiv region on a working trip and inspected a four-story residential building damaged by a Russian missile attack on November 23. In addition, Volodymyr Zelenskyy got acquainted with the work of the mobile and stationary Points of Invincibility, which open in Vyshgorod. Olena Zelenska joins 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence campaign 25 November 2022 - 17:24 The campaign is going on in 60 cities and communities throughout Ukraine under the "Sensitivity Overcomes Violence" slogan. President of Ukraine met with the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs of the United Kingdom 25 November 2022 - 12:42 The Head of State highly appreciated the unwavering support for Ukraine and all our people from Great Britain. He separately thanked the British government for defense aid to our country, which this year reached 2.3 billion pounds. Europe's dependence on Russian energy resources began to decrease, and should completely vanish - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the European Idea international symposium 25 November 2022 - 12:25 This year Europe finally carries out energy disarmament of Russia. The continent's dependence on Russian energy resources has started to reduce. And it must vanish completely. And one of the key instruments for that is to limit Russian profit from exports of its resources. First Lady Olena Zelenska supported the launch of the Ukrainian space on Google Arts & Culture platform 25 November 2022 - 09:59 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska supported the launch of the Ukrainian space on Google Arts & Culture - an online platform that allows you to access images of works of art stored in museums around the world. Ukraine needs an air shield and reliable security guarantees - Andriy Yermak at the meeting of the Ukraine-NATO Commission 25 November 2022 - 09:34 A reliable and effective air and missile defense system of Ukraine can be integrated with NATO and European systems in the future. This was stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak during the meeting of the Ukraine-NATO Commission, which was held in the format of a video conference. Roman Mashovets informed the Advisor to the President of Slovakia about the security situation in Ukraine 25 November 2022 - 09:17 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets held a meeting with Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of the Slovak Republic Jana Kobzová and discussed security issues and the development of cooperation between the countries. Russia has not found a way to break us and will not find it - address by the President of Ukraine 24 November 2022 - 22:25 Energy workers, utility workers, business - everyone is doing their part to give light again. This is truly a nationwide task - Ukraine is working as unitedly as possible in this. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 24 November 2022 - 19:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief on Thursday. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 166 167 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine