1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030314/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=57 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – There will be challenges ahead, but we are doing everything to make this year victorious for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 February 2023 - 18:25 According to the Head of State, the situation on the eastern frontline, particularly in the area of Bakhmut in the Donetsk region, is very difficult today. However, the heroic defenders of the city are steadfastly holding their positions and destroying the military potential of the invaders. President following the meeting with Ulf Kristersson in Kyiv: Together with Sweden, we must ensure everything necessary for the start of negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the EU this year 15 February 2023 - 17:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Sweden Ulf Kristersson, who is on a visit to Ukraine. President of Ukraine honored the memory of warriors killed on the territory of other states 15 February 2023 - 09:29 On the Day of Commemoration of Participants in Combat Operations on the Territory of Other States, on behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a basket of flowers was placed at the Memorial Complex to the Ukrainian warriors fallen in Afghanistan at 17 Lavrska Street in Kyiv. President of Ukraine holds meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Canada 14 February 2023 - 17:40 The Head of State expressed gratitude to the Canadian government and the Canadian people for their strong support and assistance to Ukraine during the war. Preserving trust and respect for the bodies of the Ministry of Internal Affairs is one of the key tasks of the new Minister - President of Ukraine while introducing Ihor Klymenko 13 February 2023 - 13:59 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy introduced the newly appointed Minister of Internal Affairs Ihor Klymenko to the heads of law enforcement agencies, services and departments of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and its structural units. President introduced Vasyl Malyuk to the senior staff of the Security Service 13 February 2023 - 12:35 "Since the beginning of the full-scale invasion, Vasyl Malyuk has proved that he is a patriot, a professional and exactly the right person to lead the Security Service of our country," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. President visits Türkiye's Embassy in Ukraine, honors memory of victims of devastating earthquake 11 February 2023 - 15:43 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Embassy of the Republic of Türkiye in Ukraine and honored the memory of those who died in the devastating earthquake in Türkiye. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with senior members of JP Morgan, takes part in investment summit organized by holding 11 February 2023 - 11:22 The parties discussed the creation of a platform for attracting private capital to rebuild Ukraine and promising directions of large investment projects in Ukraine, in particular in the sectors of green energy, IT, and agricultural technologies. President holds meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief 10 February 2023 - 17:55 Separately, the participants of the meeting focused on the preparation for the next Ukraine Defense Contact Group meeting at Ramstein air base, taking into account the agreements reached by President Zelenskyy during recent foreign visits. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Andrzej Duda held a meeting in Rzeszów 10 February 2023 - 10:30 The Head of State informed his counterpart on the current situation at the front and forecasts for the development of the situation in the coming period. Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about the current defense needs of Ukraine and his steps to strengthen the Ukrainian army. 1 2 ... 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine