8 captures 05 Nov 2021 - 11 Sep 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071439/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-v-odesi-na-zasidanni-kongresu-miscevih-ta-reg-71293 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President at a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities in Odesa: Vaccination is necessary - this is the only solution for today 29 October 2021 - 15:36 During a working trip to the Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities discussing in detail the issue of combating the spread of COVID-19. "Today we are witnessing another powerful wave of COVID-19, the "Delta" wave and the emergence of new strains. Every day there are anti-records around the world, and we are no exception. Every day in Ukraine there are anti-records of both the sick and, unfortunately, the dead," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the losses from the pandemic per day are already approaching the daily losses of the military during the Second World War. Therefore, officials, businesses and citizens should take steps to increase the number of vaccinated. "We understand that the only way out is vaccination. We need to increase the percentage of people vaccinated to get out of this collapse. Leaders on the ground, I beg you to fall asleep and wake up with this topic," the Head of State urged. The President reminded that at the last meeting of the National Security and Defense Council the task was set to increase the number of vaccinations to 300,000 per day. And today in Ukraine about 290 thousand vaccinations are already made, but it is necessary to increase the rate of vaccination even more actively, because the number of patients and deaths is increasing. In this context, Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the media, including the central media, which joined the campaign to inform people about the importance and safety of vaccination. "I beg you all to exclude social networks in this issue and turn on the brain. It is necessary to be vaccinated - today it is not a "horror story", it is the only solution. I want us not to be afraid of these "horror stories" in the media and social networks, but to be afraid of this virus," the President said, adding that today in the civilized world, a person's attitude to vaccination is almost an indicator of literacy and awareness. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak noted that every official should warn citizens about the danger of COVID-19 on a daily basis and demonstrate the importance of vaccination by his own example. According to him, today there are enough vaccines against COVID-19 in Ukraine and a significant number of vaccination points have been opened. "The government, the President's team, and all government agencies have done everything possible to organize this process, but there are still questions in some cities," Andriy Yermak said. He also said that in order to fulfill the task of Volodymyr Zelenskyy, representatives of the Cabinet of Ministers and the Office of the President will more often visit the regions of Ukraine, monitor and assist in resolving problematic issues on the ground. Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal, who took part in the work of the Congress via video call, spoke about the supply of oxygen to medical institutions where patients with COVID-19 are treated. "There is enough oxygen. Enough oxygen stations have been established that generate oxygen on the ground. Where there is a need to deliver (oxygen - ed.), the Ministry of Health strictly adheres to the logistics of supplies. I am convinced that we can talk about providing hospitals with oxygen wherever it is needed," the head of government stressed. According to Minister of Health Viktor Lyashko, currently 16 regions of Ukraine have moved to the "red" level of epidemic danger. The healthcare system has 70,000 beds for COVID-19 patients, more than 48,000 of which are occupied, he said. Viktor Lyashko also reminded that oxygen consumption by the infected had increased five to six times. "Today, 80% of hospitalized patients are oxygen dependent. Oxygen consumption has increased many times. In October, the two plants stopped for maintenance check to reboot and continue operating at a higher capacity. One plant has already resumed operations on Friday, another one will do so on Monday," the Minister said. According to forecasts, the plateau of morbidity is expected in a week. In conclusion, the President thanked the doctors, without whom Ukraine would not be able to cope with the COVID-19 pandemic. The Head of State also called on the government not to allow delays in the payment of salaries and surcharges to doctors and other medical staff. "From next year, our medical staff will receive at least thirteen and a half thousand, and doctors - at least twenty thousand hryvnias… But please note that there should be no delays on our part… I understand that they are short, not all over Ukraine, however, there can be no delays in the issue of salaries of our doctors," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. ph Working trip to the Odesa region 29 October 2021 - 12:28 ph Working trip to the Odesa region 29 October 2021 - 12:28 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine