1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033011/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=56 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Full de-occupation of the Zaporizhzhia NPP is a must, and anyone who turned a blind eye to its occupation by Russia is actually contributing to terror - address by the President of Ukraine 22 June 2023 - 22:30 The world has enough power to prevent any radiation incidents, let alone a radiation catastrophe. President and the First Lady of Ukraine visit the XI International Book Arsenal Festival 22 June 2023 - 21:05 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska visited the book fair of the XI International Book Arsenal Festival, which will take place in Kyiv on June 22-25. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 22 June 2023 - 20:20 Andriy Yermak informed the interlocutor about the current situation at the front, defensive and offensive actions of the Ukrainian army, as well as the current needs of our units for various types of weapons. Ukraine must win, "not losing" is not an option for us - Andriy Yermak during his participation in the Atlantic Council's open discussion on the eve of the NATO Summit in Vilnius 22 June 2023 - 13:32 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak took part in an open discussion at the Atlantic Council. The event was attended by more than 800 people, including military officers, diplomats, economists, representatives of the media and academic community. President of Ukraine: Russia is considering a scenario of a terrorist attack at the Zaporizhzhia NPP with radiation leakage, the world must act 22 June 2023 - 11:53 Our intelligence has received information that Russia is considering a scenario of a terrorist attack at the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant. They have prepared everything for this. We must become a global community, so that peace for every nation is fully guaranteed - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Organization of American States 22 June 2023 - 09:36 I invite you to work with us and all the free nations of the world on implementation of the Peace Formula. And I invite you to join the preparation of the Global Peace Summit. Office of the President of Ukraine hosts a briefing for ambassadors of the Group of Seven and a number of countries on further steps to implement the Peace Formula 22 June 2023 - 08:57 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with ambassadors of the Group of Seven (G7) countries, the European Union, as well as Brazil, Denmark, India, China, South Africa, and Türkiye. Post-war reconstruction will be the key to the prosperity of not only Ukraine but also the whole of Europe – Andriy Yermak at the Ukraine Recovery Conference in London 21 June 2023 - 23:56 After the victory in the war with Russia, Ukraine aims not only to rebuild infrastructure and housing stock of its citizens but also to create the most favorable conditions for investors, which will be the key to the prosperity of not only our country but also the whole of Europe. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak when speaking at the Ukraine Recovery Conference, which is ongoing in London. It is our state that global hopes are focused on, and our people will justify them: Ukraine will win – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 June 2023 - 22:32 To work in Ukraine, to work with Ukraine, is to believe in Ukraine and Ukrainians. The world is with us despite everything the evil state tries to do against us. Head of state accepts credentials from ambassadors of Norway, Switzerland, Azerbaijan, Pakistan and Iceland 21 June 2023 - 21:45 The ceremony of presenting the credentials traditionally took place on the territory of the Sophia Kyivska National Reserve. 1 2 ... 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine