1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030955/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=28 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We are preparing powerful things to strengthen our state, our warriors – address of President of Ukraine 18 August 2023 - 21:35 We are doing everything so that on the eve of the Independence Day of our country, it can be said that Ukraine has taken another step towards the circle of the strongest states in the world. Ihor Zhovkva had a telephone conversation with Head of Greek Prime Minister's diplomatic office 18 August 2023 - 19:27 The parties also focused on the need to increase sanctions pressure on the aggressor state, in particular, the preparation of the next, 12th, package of EU sanctions against Russia. Andriy Yermak holds sixth meeting with representatives of foreign diplomatic institutions regarding implementation of Peace Formula 18 August 2023 - 17:56 The meeting, which took place on the territory of the botanical garden of the National University of Life and Environmental Sciences of Ukraine, concerned the point of the Peace Formula "Ecological safety." Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with Director-General of the World Trade Organization 17 August 2023 - 23:14 The main topic of the meeting was the protection of free trade, in particular in the Black Sea region, which is under threat due to Russia's aggression against Ukraine. We are building the arsenal of the free world together - address by the President of Ukraine 17 August 2023 - 22:58 We discussed the Defense Industries Forum. We are planning this event for the autumn. It will be the first time such a large-scale event will be held at the state level. Ukrainian and foreign arms manufacturers. The world can be united by this format of cooperation as well. The first meeting of the working group that will work on the implementation of the security point of the Ukrainian Peace Formula took place 17 August 2023 - 21:33 The Office of the President hosted a constituent meeting of the working group that will work on the implementation of the ninth point of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula - "Preventing the escalation of war and the recurrence of aggression." The Head of State accepted credentials from newly appointed ambassadors of Chile, Colombia and Peru 17 August 2023 - 21:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy accepted credentials of the newly appointed Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary during a ceremony held on the territory of the National Reserve "St. Sophia of Kyiv": Aylin Estrella Joo Liem of the Republic of Chile, Assad Jose Jater Peña of the Republic of Colombia, and Hubert Wieland Conroy of the Republic of Peru. President of Ukraine accepted credentials from newly appointed ambassadors of Germany, Sweden and Indonesia 17 August 2023 - 20:20 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy accepted credentials from the newly appointed Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Federal Republic of Germany Martin Jaeger, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Kingdom of Sweden Martin Öberg and Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Indonesia Arief Muhammad Basalamah. Everything that was mentioned in our combat brigades is now the job of the General Staff, government officials and the Staff - address by the President of Ukraine 16 August 2023 - 20:26 Drones are the "eyes" and protection on the frontline. Drones are a guarantee that people will not have to pay with their lives when drones can be used. Oleksiy Kuleba met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine 16 August 2023 - 17:20 The parties discussed the priority areas of cooperation for both sides. 1 2 ... 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine