2 captures 24 Mar 2023 - 24 Mar 2023 Feb MAR Apr 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230324051407/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=23-03-2022&date-to=23-03-2023&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson region 23 March 2023 - 13:06 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukrainian delegation headed by the Permanent Representative of the President in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea visited Southeast Asia 7 March 2023 - 16:18 In the framework of strengthening cooperation and interaction with the countries of the Global South, the Ukrainian delegation headed by Permanent Representative of the President of Ukraine in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea Tamila Tasheva visited India, Malaysia and the Republic of Indonesia. At a joint event with the WHO, Iuliia Sokolovska spoke about the development of the rehabilitation system in Ukraine 7 March 2023 - 16:07 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Iuliia Sokolovska opened an online event organized by the World Health Organization Regional Office for Europe, WHO in Ukraine and the Ministry of Health of Ukraine. The occupier is killing for the very fact that we are Ukrainians, for the mere word about Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 March 2023 - 22:26 There is no part of Ukraine about which one can say that it can be abandoned. There is no Ukrainian trench in which the resilience and heroism of our warriors would be disregarded. President of Ukraine met with leaders of the Social Democratic Party of Germany 6 March 2023 - 21:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with co-chairman of the ruling Social Democratic Party of Germany Lars Klingbeil and chairman of the SPD parliamentary group in the Bundestag Rolf Mützenich, who are on a visit to Ukraine. The meeting was also attended by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and his deputies Andriy Sybiha and Roman Mashovets. Andriy Yermak had a conversation with American General Wesley Clark 6 March 2023 - 21:49 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a video call with General Wesley Clark, former Supreme Allied Commander Europe (1997-2000). Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 6 March 2023 - 13:36 The commanders of the operational and strategic groups of troops reported on the situation on the main frontline directions. The members of the Staff reviewed the situation in Bakhmut in particular detail. The world is strong enough to punish Russia for the war, and we will provide courage and tools to make it happen - address by the President of Ukraine 5 March 2023 - 20:25 All Russian murderers, every organizer of this aggression, everyone who in any way sustains the war against our country and terror against our people must be punished. And this is not just a dream of justice. This is work that is already underway. Olena Zelenska and the team of her Foundation visited a family-type children's home in the Lviv region and handed over humanitarian aid 5 March 2023 - 12:14 The First Lady of Ukraine and the team of the Olena Zelenska Foundation visited the Paskevych family-type children's home in the Lviv region. Olena Zelenska at United for Justice conference: The victim is never responsible for the crime, only the offender is responsible 4 March 2023 - 23:31 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska spoke at the United for Justice conference held in Lviv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy takes part in meeting of Congress of Local and Regional Authorities: We all together ensure Ukraine's invincibility, and it is priority 4 March 2023 - 20:46 "The major task of this Congress meeting is not only to sum up the key results of the work of public institutions and local authorities during the hardest year for our state – the year of the war but also to determine solutions to make our state even stronger. At all levels, from the central government structures to the management of the country's communities," the President said. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine