7 captures 21 Apr 2024 - 16 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 21 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240421181246/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dopomoga-ssha-zbilshuye-shansi-ukrayini-na-peremogu-andrij-y-90457 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Doing Everything to Enhance Protection of the Sky – Address by the President of Ukraine 21 April 2024 - 17:37 View all videos n latest news The U.S. Assistance Increases Ukraine's Chances at Victory – Andriy Yermak in an Interview with CNN 21 April 2024 - 19:53 President in the Interview with NBC: It is Important to Fill the Package of Assistance from the United States with Scarce Weapons 21 April 2024 - 19:42 We Are Doing Everything to Enhance Protection of the Sky – Address by the President of Ukraine 21 April 2024 - 17:33 Today, We Received a Decision – the U.S. Assistance, Which Will Be Felt by Both the Warriors on the Frontline, and the Cities and Villages Suffering from Russian Terror – Address by the President 20 April 2024 - 21:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Donetsk Region 19 April 2024 - 11:18 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The U.S. Assistance Increases Ukraine's Chances at Victory – Andriy Yermak in an Interview with CNN 21 April 2024 - 19:53 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak thanked the U.S. House of Representatives for approving a $61 billion aid package for Ukraine and expressed hope that the Senate would approve the bill as soon as possible. He said this in an interview on CNN's "Fareed Zakaria GPS". "This is a crucial decision for us. Undoubtedly, its adoption increases our chances of defeating the aggressor, especially now that we see Russia preparing for a new offensive," he said. The Head of the President's Office thanked the U.S. President and his administration for their efforts and the entire American people for supporting Ukraine. According to him, Ukraine is most in need of 155 mm ammunition, ATACMS missiles, drones, electronic warfare equipment, F-16 jets, additional Patriot systems and missiles. "Without this, we cannot protect our cities and people. We need these supplies urgently because the price is Ukrainian lives," emphasized Andriy Yermak. He reiterated that Russia will not be able to occupy Ukrainian territories, as Ukrainians courageously continue to defend their lands until victory, and the assistance of partners, including the United States, makes Ukraine stronger. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine