7 captures 21 Sep 2023 - 09 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230921155854/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=178 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The use of veto power requires reform, and this can be a key reform in the UN – address by the President of Ukraine at the UN Security Council meeting 20 September 2023 - 19:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States of America 19 September 2023 - 02:19 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President held a meeting on the current situation in the Zaporizhzhia region 5 June 2022 - 21:06 The Head of State heard information from Head of the Zaporizhzhia Regional Military Administration Oleksandr Starukh, as well as the military leadership and the leadership of the National Police in the region. In the Zaporizhzhia region, the President met with Ukrainians displaced from the area of hostilities 5 June 2022 - 20:55 During a working trip to the Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a sanatorium where Ukrainians who had been forced to leave their homes due to Russia's armed aggression were housed. President visited the frontline positions of Ukrainian defenders in the Zaporizhzhia region 5 June 2022 - 20:48 Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to the servicemen and presented them with state awards and valuable gifts. Russian army can stop killing if one person in Moscow gives such an order, and the absence of such an order is a humiliation for the whole world - address by the President of Ukraine 4 June 2022 - 23:17 Russia is deliberately and systematically destroying Ukraine's cultural and historical heritage, as well as social infrastructure, housing, and everything necessary for normal life. The UN Charter does not provide any rights for terrorists, and UNESCO is not a place for barbarians. Andriy Sybiha met with a delegation of the Ukrainian World Congress 4 June 2022 - 22:59 According to Andriy Sybiha, an extremely important task for Ukrainians abroad is to conduct effective information campaigns, in particular in those countries where there is a large Ukrainian community, as well as to counter Russian propaganda. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the presentation of the United24 platform in Washington 4 June 2022 - 10:28 Your help will be transferred fast and used as effectively and transparently as possible. We guarantee that thanks to these donations your names will forever go down in the history of Ukraine, the history of defending freedom and democracy. Don't help Russia justify itself and don't let the murderers call you their brothers and sisters - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the 90th annual meeting of the US Conference of Mayors 4 June 2022 - 09:07 Help Ukraine. Participate in the reconstruction of our cities, our communities that are liberated from the occupiers. "Peace", "victory", "Ukraine" - three words we have been fighting for for a hundred days already after eight years - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 June 2022 - 21:35 During a hundred days we found or received, saw or wanted to erase other words. There are few of them. They are different. But they reflect what we have experienced. One hundred days - one hundred words. Kyrylo Tymoshenko met with the leadership of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe 3 June 2022 - 20:27 Pursuant to the task from Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko met with President of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe Leendert Verbeek and Secretary General of the Congress Andreas Kiefer. Ihor Zhovkva: Portugal is our sincere partner on Ukraine's European integration path 3 June 2022 - 19:37 During a working visit to the Portuguese Republic, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with the country's top political leadership. 1 2 ... 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine