3 captures 14 Nov 2023 - 20 Jul 2025 Oct NOV Dec 14 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231114112744/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-liderami-providnih-yevrejskih-org-86993 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is a matter of principle for Ukraine to implement all seven recommendations of the European Commission and fulfill everything that is required at this point of our path to the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 November 2023 - 20:36 View all videos n latest news In Washington, the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with advisors to the leaders of the United States, Great Britain, Germany and France 14 November 2023 - 11:00 Democracies all over the world have proven their ability to unite and face tyranny – speech by the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine at the Hudson Institute entitled "The Decisive Moment for Ukraine" 14 November 2023 - 10:00 Andriy Yermak met with leaders of major U.S. Jewish organizations 14 November 2023 - 08:31 It is a matter of principle for Ukraine to implement all seven recommendations of the European Commission and fulfill everything that is required at this point of our path to the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 November 2023 - 20:34 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with leaders of major U.S. Jewish organizations 14 November 2023 - 08:31 During a working visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Economy Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with leaders of major American Jewish organizations. The meeting was attended by: CEO of NCSEJ Mark Levin, Vice-President of NCSEJ Allen Kronstadt, Deputy Director of NCSEJ Lesley Weiss, Program Associate for NCSEJ Ezra Hess, Director of International Affairs Research at the Anti-Defamation League Aykan Erdemir, Director of International Affairs at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee Stephen Schneider, Director of International Jewish Affairs of the American Jewish Committee, Rabbi Andrew Baker, CEO of the international non-governmental Jewish organization B'nai B'rith Daniel Mariaschin, Associate Vice President of Public Affairs of the Jewish Federations of North America Karen Paikin Barall, CEO of HIAS Mark Hetfield, Executive Director of the World Jewish Congress of North America Betty Ehrenberg. The Ukrainian side was represented by: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine to the United States Oksana Markarova, Advisors to the Head of the Presidential Office Dariia Zarivna and Vladyslav Vlasiuk. Andriy Yermak thanked the Jewish organizations of the United States for their dedicated support of Ukraine, which is fighting against Russian aggression, as well as for the humanitarian aid they provide to Ukrainian citizens. The Head of the Presidential Office noted the contribution of American Jewish organizations to the fight against Russian propaganda and anti-Semitism. "The fates of our peoples are historically linked. And they are linked today. The peoples of Israel and Ukraine are equally fighting for the right to exist. And to be themselves," emphasized Andriy Yermak. He noted that the axis of evil, which includes Russia and Iran, as well as Hamas terrorists, acts in the same way, killing children and capturing civilians, using Iranian-made kamikaze drones to destroy energy infrastructure. "We are facing new challenges, and we all know who is most interested in new wars breaking out. These are Iran, Russia, North Korea. Ukrainians know what terrorist attacks on civilians are. We see that if the aggressors do not lose in Ukraine completely, they will continue this war elsewhere," the Head of the Presidential Office is convinced. Andriy Yermak called for further support and assistance to Ukraine to speed up our victory over the common enemy. "The victory of Ukraine and the destruction of Russia's military potential will mean the destruction of aggressors' plans and the reduction of terrorists' influence in the world. Therefore, assistance to Ukraine is a protection of freedom and security of all people on the planet," the Head of the Presidential Office summarized. ph Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 ph Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine