1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024555/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=25 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak met with representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media 23 February 2023 - 09:44 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with journalists from Ukrainian and foreign media. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with the President of the Association of Mayors of France, Mayor of Cannes 22 February 2023 - 19:29 Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude to David Lisnard for his personal role in intensifying the efforts of French cities to support Ukraine. The dynamics of Ukraine's European integration progress should be based on success in reforms - Ihor Zhovkva 21 February 2023 - 19:35 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with a delegation of the European Parliament's Special Committee on Foreign Interference in All Democratic Processes in the EU, including Disinformation. Andriy Yermak discussed support for the Ukrainian Peace Formula with National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 21 February 2023 - 16:32 "Cooperation with India is very important to us. We believe that you will support our resolution, as it contains very correct wording on the inviolability of borders and territorial integrity," the Head of the Presidential Office said. Ukraine fighting for new ethics to emerge from crucible of this war to form basis for postwar world order – Andriy Yermak at Munich Security Conference 18 February 2023 - 18:39 It is in the interests not only of Ukraine but also of the whole world to build such a security mechanism that can prevent aggression or effectively punish it. It was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, when participating in a panel discussion at the Munich Security Conference online. Head of President's Office believes Ukraine's security cannot be guaranteed without trial for Russian political leaders 17 February 2023 - 22:52 Ukraine will not feel safe until it punishes those who started the war by committing the crime of aggression. It was stated by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak, opening the Ukraine Is You exhibition within the Munich Security Conference. Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Diplomatic Advisor to the President of Brazil 17 February 2023 - 13:11 "Relations with Brazil are extremely important for us. We are interested in intensifying bilateral dialogue," the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. Andriy Sybiha met with the Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Lithuania 17 February 2023 - 09:47 Andriy Sybiha informed the interlocutor about the development of the situation at the front and the urgent needs of our country in the context of the escalation of hostilities by the aggressor. In this regard, they emphasized the importance of Lithuania's principled position in lifting restrictions and red lines in providing Ukraine with all types of weapons for victory. Andriy Yermak talked to Azovstal defenders and the First Deputy Mayor of Enerhodar released from Russian captivity 16 February 2023 - 23:54 Pursuant to the instruction of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak spoke via video call with First Deputy Mayor of Enerhodar Ivan Samoydiuk, who was released from Russian captivity on Thursday, as well as with senior sailor of the Ukrainian Navy Vitaliy Ageyev and serviceman of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine Vadym Dzhafarov, who defended Azovstal and Mariupol in the spring. Ihor Zhovkva: Ukraine is grateful to Lithuania for its unwavering and comprehensive support 16 February 2023 - 19:05 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Lithuania Mantas Adomėnas. 1 2 ... 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine