1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309020255/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Trilateral Contact Group Meeting takes place 22 December 2021 - 21:33 A meeting of the Trilateral Contact Group (TCG) took place today, which could give restrained optimism about the possible de-escalation of the situation in Donbas and the unblocking of the peace process. The meeting reached a common understanding on the need to restore the ceasefire within the relevant steps agreed on July 22, 2020, as evidenced, inter alia, by OSCE representatives. Ukraine manages to avoid sharp rise in tariffs for housing and utility services – Shurma 22 December 2021 - 11:12 The Ukrainian government has taken a number of systemic measures to avoid a sharp rise in tariffs for housing and utility services amid rising energy prices in the world. This was stated by Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Rostyslav Shurma. Yermak tells Ukrainian ambassadors about state of negotiations on peaceful settlement in Donbas 21 December 2021 - 18:24 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak briefed the Ukrainian ambassadors on the progress of negotiations within the Minsk process and the Normandy format on ending the war and resolving the situation in Donbas. Roman Mashovets discusses ways to improve security situation in eastern Ukraine and near it with German Foreign Minister 17 December 2021 - 21:25 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets discussed the security situation in eastern and around Ukraine, ways to improve it and some issues of bilateral security cooperation with Minister of State at the Federal Foreign Office of Germany Tobias Lindner. Office of Representative of President of Ukraine in Autonomous Republic of Crimea steps up Ukrainian peninsula reintegration and de-occupation efforts 17 December 2021 - 11:31 Today, the Office of Representative of the President of Ukraine in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea celebrates its 29th anniversary. After President Volodymyr Zelenskyy changed the approach to the role of this body, the Office of Representative became more actively involved in the process of returning the temporarily occupied territories of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol, Permanent Representative of the President to the Autonomous Republic of Crimea Anton Korynevych has said. Ihor Zhovkva discussed the situation in Donbas and Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration with the Adviser to the President of Estonia 14 December 2021 - 15:35 Ihor Zhovkva informed the interlocutor in detail about the current security situation in Donbas. He noted the importance of a coordinated response by the international community to another escalation around Ukraine's borders, and stressed the need for Ukraine's NATO and EU partners to agree on necessary measures in response to the potential escalation of the security situation. Roman Mashovets and Assistant Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Canada discussed the security situation in the east and near the borders of Ukraine 9 December 2021 - 21:37 Roman Mashovets informed his interlocutor about the aggravation of the situation in Donbas and the concentration by the Russian Federation of an armed group along the Ukrainian border ready to be used against our state. Roman Mashovets and the Group of Defense Reform Advisers discussed security situation in and around Ukraine 7 December 2021 - 20:59 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets held a video conference with the Defense Reform Advisory Board (DRAB), during which a number of issues related to the reform of the Ministry of Defense and improving the Armed Forces' defense capabilities were discussed. Andriy Yermak discussed with G7 and EU ambassadors the security situation near Ukraine's border, the Donbas peace process, the law on de-oligarchization and the course of reforms 4 December 2021 - 09:24 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak informed foreign diplomats about the process of peaceful settlement in Donbas and the return of the temporarily occupied territories, as well as about tensions around Ukraine's state borders. Ihor Zhovkva and Adviser to the Chancellor of Austria discussed support for Ukraine on the path to EU membership 30 November 2021 - 19:21 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a video conference with Foreign and European Policy Adviser to the Federal Chancellor of the Republic of Austria Barbara Kaudel-Jensen. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 14 15 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine