1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033104/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=111 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Presidents and First Ladies of Ukraine and Latvia paid tribute to fallen Ukrainian defenders in Lviv 3 March 2023 - 12:31 The Heads of State and First Ladies laid flowers at the graves of Ukrainian defenders at the Field of Honor at Lychakiv Cemetery in Lviv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited wounded Ukrainian soldiers in Lviv hospital and presented awards 3 March 2023 - 12:26 The Head of State spoke to the servicemen and wished them a speedy recovery. The occupier will inevitably feel our strength of justice - address by the President of Ukraine 2 March 2023 - 21:27 Today's brutal Russian missile attack on Zaporizhzhia will face our military and legal response. Andriy Yermak had a meeting with NATO Assistant Secretary General 2 March 2023 - 11:28 The Head of the Presidential Office informed the interlocutor about the situation on the frontline. The parties exchanged views on the military threats posed by Russia and its capabilities to continue using missiles and attack drones against Ukraine. This winter was very difficult, but we managed to provide Ukraine with energy and heat - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 March 2023 - 21:44 At the energy meeting, we have set the current tasks to ensure that this heating season is completed properly. And we have already started preparing for the next season. We see risks, we will find a response. Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to the famous actress Katheryn Winnick, who became an ambassador of United4 1 March 2023 - 12:01 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a video call with Vikings star, Canadian actress of Ukrainian origin, director and producer Katheryn Winnick, who joined the ambassadors of the United24 fundraising platform. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 1 March 2023 - 09:30 As part of the ongoing dialogue with allies, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. We are preparing the return of our warriors to actions for the liberation of our land - address by the President of Ukraine 28 February 2023 - 22:48 I thank all Ukrainian warriors who, despite this insane pressure from the occupier, are defending our positions and destroying the Russian army! I thank each and every one who supports our warriors! Deputy Head of the Presidential Office discussed creation of international tribunal with HRW representatives 28 February 2023 - 19:28 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Smyrnov met with representatives of the largest U.S. human rights organization Human Right Watch. Head of State discussed prospects of Ukraine's accession to the OECD with OECD Secretary-General 28 February 2023 - 18:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Secretary-General of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Mathias Cormann, who is on a visit to Ukraine. 1 2 ... 108 109 110 111 112 113 114 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine