3 captures 11 Dec 2024 - 12 May 2025 Nov DEC Jan 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241211020944/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/fundaciya-oleni-zelenskoyi-zaproshuye-ditej-i-doroslih-na-in-94909 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Air Defense Systems Should Save Lives, Not Collect Dust in Storage Bases – Address by the President 10 December 2024 - 20:14 View all videos n latest news EU Membership and the Use of Frozen Russian Assets for Defense and Air Defense Needs: the President Met with the Delegation from the European Parliament 10 December 2024 - 21:30 Air Defense Systems Should Save Lives, Not Collect Dust in Storage Bases – Address by the President 10 December 2024 - 20:16 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Awarded Scientists with the Borys Paton National Prize of Ukraine 10 December 2024 - 19:26 Ukraine Presented the Results of Implementation of the Biarritz Partnership Commitments 10 December 2024 - 19:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The Head of State Awarded Scientists with the Borys Paton National Prize of Ukraine 10 December 2024 - 18:33 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska Foundation Invites Children and Adults to an Interactive Christmas Performance at St. Sophia Cathedral 9 December 2024 - 21:17 From December 20 to 29, the National Conservation Area “Saint Sophia of Kyiv” will host the interactive performance “Speaking are Those Who Have Listened to Eternity,” blending the spirit of Ukrainian history with the warmth of the winter holidays. This immersive show will take the audience back to the times of Kyivan Rus’, bringing historical events to life before their eyes. Guests will not only watch them, but also become part of the action. The walls of St. Sophia of Kyiv will be covered with ancient graffiti, which will tell their stories thanks to modern 3D technologies. The production combines live acting, a Christmas choir and special effects. “Every note of the unique musical score awakens the spirit of the holidays, filling hearts with warmth. All of us, especially our children, deeply need emotions like joy and a sense of wonder right now. That’s why the Olena Zelenska Foundation is organizing this event. During these festive days, we invite you to create warm memories with your loved ones,” said the First Lady. Free invitations can be obtained by registering at the National Conservation Area’s website: https://tickets.st-sophia.org.ua . Organizer : Olena Zelenska Foundation. Director : Olena Koliadenko. Audience : School-age children with adults. Dates : December 20–29, 2024. Duration : 45 minutes. Location : National Conservation Area “Saint Sophia of Kyiv,” 24 Volodymyrska St., Kyiv Note ! In the event of an air raid alert, the festive program will be temporarily paused and, if possible, continued after the alert is over. Shelters are available for visitors on-site. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine