2 captures 04 Apr 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Mar APR May 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230404200922/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/oleksij-kuleba-vzyav-uchast-u-vidkritti-skulpturi-divchinka-82033 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russian aggression proves that only collective preventive security guarantees can be reliable - address by the President of Ukraine 4 April 2023 - 22:44 View all videos n latest news Russian aggression proves that only collective preventive security guarantees can be reliable - address by the President of Ukraine 4 April 2023 - 22:42 The enemy of freedom must lose, that is why we ask the USA for support - speech by the President of Ukraine at an online meeting with members of the U.S. National Association of Governors 4 April 2023 - 19:53 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of politicians, businessmen and representatives of charitable organizations of the United States led by Mike Pompeo 4 April 2023 - 10:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the delegation of the House of Representatives of the U.S. Congress 3 April 2023 - 23:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Chernihiv region 3 April 2023 - 15:18 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Oleksiy Kuleba took part in the opening of the "Girl under the Sun" sculpture, which was installed in Borodyanka on the anniversary of the deoccupation of the Kyiv region 2 April 2023 - 17:28 On the anniversary of the complete liberation of the Kyiv region from the Russian invaders, the Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Oleksiy Kuleba took part in the opening of the "Girl under the Sun" sculpture, which was installed on the main square of Borodyanka, Kyiv region. The four-meter sculpture represents the victory of life over destruction, and its arches symbolize the resistance of seven districts of the Kyiv region and the capital. "Today is the anniversary of the liberation of the Kyiv region. Ukrainians expelled the occupiers from the region and continue to defend their right to identity and independence. Despite the war, constant shelling and the evil that Russia perpetrates on our land, Ukrainians do not just resist, but restore, rebuild and develop. This monument, in my opinion, is a symbol of our indomitability, struggle and free spirit. This girl is a reminder not only of the Kyiv region, but also of the whole of Ukraine," said Oleksiy Kuleba. Last year, the Russians dropped an aerial bomb on a peaceful neighborhood in the center of Borodyanka. As a result of the attack, a nine-storey building on Tsentralna Street, in which approximately 150 people lived, suffered significant destruction. Twenty-four of them died under the rubble. Immediately after the liberation of the village by Ukrainian troops, people who managed to evacuate began to return to Borodyanka. At the beginning of the summer of 2022, a photo of a girl on a swing in front of the same destroyed building spread across the world media. This picture became the inspiration for the future sculpture. Sculptor Yevhen Prymachenko replaced the swing with sun rays in his work, which form a protective dome over the girl and symbolize the resistance of the Kyiv region to the invaders. The art object was installed in the same park where the famous photo was taken. The project was implemented by the ISD Group agency as part of the nationwide campaign "Let's fight for a new life" with the assistance of the Office of the President of Ukraine in partnership with the Borodyanka community, Kyiv Military Regional Administration and with the support of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID). "I visited Borodyanka for the first time on June 5, 2022. At the same time, I saw what destruction Russia had caused. Standing here with you today, I pay tribute to the Ukrainians' undeniable grit and strength to rebuild their community. Independent Ukraine inspires the world with its courage, resolve and unflagging faith in a sovereign and democratic future. This is what I have seen again and again since I came to Kyiv - the unceasing desire to resist and live freely. The American people are proud to support the Ukrainians in their defense and recovery," said U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Bridget Brink, who was also present at the opening of the sculpture. The Borodyanka territorial community plans to build new apartment buildings on the site of the destroyed ones. Also, as part of the general reconstruction, the central square named after Taras Shevchenko will be reconstructed. In particular, the construction of a separate museum exhibition of Banksy's artworks, the restoration of the monument to the Great Kobzar and other projects are planned. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine