8 captures 29 Mar 2023 - 23 Jan 2026 Feb MAR Apr 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230329092206/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-01-2022&date-to=26-01-2023&page=1 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I am grateful to everyone who reminds that Russian aggression can end much faster if the world is faster - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2023 - 22:17 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Sumy region 28 March 2023 - 14:24 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak discussed support for Ukraine's Peace Formula with the ambassadors of the G7 and the EU 26 January 2023 - 22:27 As part of the regular dialogue, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7 countries and the Head of the Delegation of the European Union. President of Ukraine: Russian aggression can and should be stopped only with adequate weapons 26 January 2023 - 22:12 This Russian terror requires asymmetrical responses. We need a new movement of our forces at the front. We need to ensure the defeat of the terrorists' ground forces. Whatever the Russian occupiers are planning, our preparation must be stronger. We talk about it with our partners. And we discuss it at the meetings of the Staff. President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 26 January 2023 - 19:11 The participants heard reports from the commanders of the operational directions on the current situation at the front, and discussed the situation in the Bakhmut sector in detail. Sweden's Presidency of the Council of the EU should lay the foundation for the start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU already this year - Ihor Zhovkva 26 January 2023 - 09:32 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva is on a working visit to the Kingdom of Sweden on January 25-26. We must form a tank fist of freedom whose hits will not let tyranny stand up again - address by the President of Ukraine 25 January 2023 - 21:39 I am grateful to all our allies for their willingness to provide us with modern and much-needed tanks. All this proves the most important fact for the world today - the fact that freedom is only getting stronger. Olena Zelenska spoke about the Album of Barrier-Free Solutions at a meeting with architecture students 25 January 2023 - 21:05 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in a dialogue with architecture students and representatives of the professional community on the future of Ukrainian cities, comfortable and barrier-free for residents, and spoke about the Album of Barrier-Free Solutions. Andriy Yermak introduced Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Oleksiy Kuleba to the RMA representatives 25 January 2023 - 21:01 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference meeting with representatives of regional military administrations, during which he introduced Deputy Head of the Office of the President Oleksiy Kuleba, who will be in charge of regional policy. President of Ukraine met with UN High Commissioner for Refugees 25 January 2023 - 20:03 Volodymyr Zelenskyy drew Filippo Grandi's special attention to the urgency of access to Ukrainian citizens deported to Russia and the protection of their rights. Separately, the topic of massive criminal deportation of Ukrainian children, including orphans and children deprived of parental care, by the aggressor state was raised. Head of the Presidential Office had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 25 January 2023 - 16:14 The interlocutors discussed a number of topical issues in the context of deepening Ukraine-India cooperation in bilateral and multilateral formats. We need a strong state, and Ukraine will be just that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 January 2023 - 23:24 In order not to recognize the mistake of aggression, the masters of Russia want to throw more of their people and equipment into the fighting. This means that all of us in the free world must step up our cooperation. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 178 179 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine