5 captures 07 Mar 2022 - 18 Apr 2025 Feb MAR Apr 07 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220307174948/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/komanda-volodimira-zelenskogo-obgovorila-stvorennya-derzhavi-55989 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The future of the continent is being decided by us with our resistance and by our friends with their help - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 12:12 View all videos n latest news A bot was created to help children in difficult circumstances during the war 7 March 2022 - 16:06 The future of the continent is being decided by us with our resistance and by our friends with their help - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 12:01 The audacity of the aggressor is a clear signal that sanctions against Russia are not enough - President's address 6 March 2022 - 23:09 Mankind should put forward demands to terrorists, not the other way around, because terror knows no boundaries - President of Ukraine in Global Citizen 6 March 2022 - 22:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s team discussed the creation of "A State in a Smartphone" with representatives of the IT Committee of the Union of Ukrainian Entrepreneurs 19 June 2019 - 12:46 On June 18, another discussion of "A State in a Smartphone" concept was held. Advisor to the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Fedorov presented a digital action plan of Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the members of the IT Committee of the Union of Ukrainian Entrepreneurs. "Talented Ukrainian entrepreneurs successfully digitize the economies of many countries. But, unfortunately, not the Ukrainian one. Today, we formulate clear plans and goals for the development of the digital economy for the next five years. We are sincere in our aspirations, open to your suggestions and seek to attract Ukrainian business for this plan to become common to the entire Ukraine. Only then is it real,” Mykhailo Fedorov said. During the meeting, the Advisor to the President presented a road map for the development of electronic services, electronic identification, open data, a reform of state registers and interoperability (the ability of systems to interact), a vision of the structure of digital development management, etc. "We have clear top-priority steps for 2019 and specific goals until 2024. In particular, the plan envisages overcoming the main digital barriers such as electronic identification. This year, we will give momentum to the MobileID project, introduce SmartID (electronic signature in the mobile application), create a convenient and accessible eID network for Ukrainians. By 2024, 75% of the population should have and be able to use reliable and secure eID means. Then, Ukrainians will forget the look of officials forever, as over 90% of all government services will be made online," Mykhailo Fedorov said. The members of the IT Committee provided their recommendations to the concept. Thus, according to Deputy Chairman of the Committee Dmytro Priadko, one of the main problems of the sector was still the lack of strategic and priority support from the state. "The main goal of the IT Committee of the Union of Ukrainian Entrepreneurs is the development of the internal market and the country's decentralization," he said. Dmytro Priadko emphasized that for the development of the internal market the following items are required: demonopolization of the function of providing state administrative services; opening of regulated access to government data for business; creation of data-based IT services by business and competition between service providers. Also, members of the IT Committee spoke in favor of activating the state's work on simplifying public-private partnership, conducting judicial reform to protect intellectual property, launching the E-Health service in full and creating a single identifier for an individual. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine