1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224055357/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=79 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Charles Michel met with representatives of international humanitarian missions in Donbas 2 March 2021 - 17:22 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the European Council Charles Michel talked with representatives of international humanitarian missions at “Shchastya” checkpoint. They thanked the humanitarian missions for their activities in eastern Ukraine. EU is implementing a new program to support economic development and public services provision in Donbas 2 March 2021 - 17:08 The President also noted the large-scale efforts of the European Union to alleviate the humanitarian situation in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine and in the conflict zone. President: Presence of EU leader on delimitation line demonstrates that Ukraine is not alone in striving for peace 2 March 2021 - 16:59 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the European Council Charles Michel visited the Administrative Services Center at “Shchastya” checkpoint in the Luhansk region. The President of Ukraine stressed that our state seeks peace in Donbas and the return of the temporarily occupied territories as soon as possible. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: European Partners support Ukraine in judicial reform and improvement of judicial system 2 March 2021 - 14:22 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced that he would soon sign a decree on the implementation of the three-year strategy for the development of judicial bodies and constitutional judiciary, which was presented during the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Development of Justice". President was vaccinated against COVID-19 in Donbas together with the military 2 March 2021 - 13:40 During a working trip to the Luhansk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy was vaccinated against COVID-19. President started a trip to the JFO area 2 March 2021 - 11:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyiy started a working trip to the area of the Joint Forces Operation in the Luhansk region. The President will meet with President of the European Council Charles Michel. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Civil servants should work in the interests of citizens, and decentralization should be enhanced to improve living standards in the regions 1 March 2021 - 21:06 Public administration reform and regional development were discussed at a meeting chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The strategies presented by the Cabinet of Ministers and the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine have been developed on the basis of the President's election program. The first families bought housing under the program "Affordable Mortgage 7%" initiated by the President of Ukraine 1 March 2021 - 13:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated two families who were the first to sign mortgage agreements with banks today in the framework of the State Program "Affordable Mortgage 7%". Holidays should not affect vaccination - President 1 March 2021 - 12:48 A website to register Ukrainians for COVID-19 vaccination has been launched. This was announced by Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal at a traditional conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President: We are determined to successfully implement effective judicial reform so that only honest, independent and fair courts operate in Ukraine 1 March 2021 - 10:50 Ukraine will implement effective judicial reform that will guarantee the right of every citizen to a honest, independent and fair trial. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Development of Justice" in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine