7 captures 30 Jul 2023 - 05 Dec 2025 Jun JUL Aug 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230730202306/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-proviv-zustrich-iz-zastupnikom-generalnogo-sekr-84549 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Gradually, the war is returning to the territory of Russia, and this is an inevitable, natural and fair process - address by the President of Ukraine 30 July 2023 - 16:59 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak: Next week, Ukraine will start negotiations with the United States on a bilateral agreement on security guarantees 30 July 2023 - 18:39 The next meeting of advisors to state leaders on the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula will be held in Saudi Arabia shortly - Andriy Yermak 30 July 2023 - 17:59 President held a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities in Ivano-Frankivsk 30 July 2023 - 17:04 Gradually, the war is returning to the territory of Russia, and this is an inevitable, natural and fair process - address by the President of Ukraine 30 July 2023 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Ivano-Frankivsk region 30 July 2023 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva met with Deputy Secretary-General of the European External Action Service 27 July 2023 - 20:00 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Deputy Secretary-General of the European External Action Service Enrique Mora, who is on a visit to Ukraine. During the meeting, the parties discussed key issues on the agenda of cooperation between Ukraine and the EU, in particular, they reviewed Ukraine's further steps towards European integration and noted the progress made by our country in implementing seven recommendations of the European Commission. "We expect the European Council to approve a decision in December this year to launch negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the EU after the European Commission provides a corresponding recommendation in October," emphasized Ihor Zhovkva. The parties also discussed the EU's sanctions policy towards Russia, the content of the 12th package of sanctions, as well as the need to further tighten the EU's sanctions against the aggressor and counteract attempts to circumvent sanctions. Attention was paid to the issue of providing defense assistance to our country by the EU states and the importance of the successful implementation of the EU's joint plan to supply artillery munitions to Ukraine was emphasized. In addition, the two sides exchanged views on the next steps in the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and preparations for the Global Peace Summit. The important role of the EU in supporting all points of the Formula and the need for broader involvement of the leading countries of the Global South in its implementation were emphasized. "A just and lasting peace can be achieved only after the withdrawal of Russian occupation forces and the liberation of the entire territory of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders. And this axiom must be understood by all our partners," emphasized Ihor Zhovkva. The interlocutors also discussed preparations for the third Crimea Platform Summit to be held on August 23 in Kyiv. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine