10 captures 31 Aug 2024 - 18 Oct 2025 Jul AUG Sep 31 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240831124245/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-iz-zovnishnopolitichnim-radnikom-vi-92933 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Must Strengthen Ourselves and Take Care of People, of Personnel – of All Our Warriors – Address by the President 30 August 2024 - 20:16 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak Met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the U.S. Vice President Philip Gordon 31 August 2024 - 14:30 Supporting Ukrainian Energy System and Tightening Sanctions Against Russian Federation: Andriy Yermak Met with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State James O'Brien 31 August 2024 - 14:00 Arms Supply and Peace Formula Implementation: Ukrainian Delegation Met with National Security Advisers of the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany and France in Washington 31 August 2024 - 13:21 Shelters for In-Person Education and Gadgets for Distance Learning: Olena Zelenska with the Foundation's Team Visited the Chernihiv Region Before the Beginning of the School Year 30 August 2024 - 20:41 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President Hands Over the Orders of the Golden Star and Housing Certificates to the Families of the Fallen Defenders Awarded the Title of Hero of Ukraine 29 August 2024 - 16:48 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak Met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the U.S. Vice President Philip Gordon 31 August 2024 - 14:30 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the Vice President of the United States Philip Gordon. The meeting was also attended by Ambassador of Ukraine to the United States Oksana Markarova, Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Mykola Tochytskyi and Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office Dariia Zarivna. The Head of the Office of the President emphasized that in the face of the growing missile terror by the Russian Federation, it is important for Ukraine to receive the necessary weapons and equipment as soon as possible. In addition, during the meeting, the parties discussed the strengthening of air defense, increasing the number of artillery and combat aircraft, formation of new brigades and meeting their needs. Special attention was paid to the implementation of the Peace Formula. The Head of the Presidential Office thanked U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris for her participation in the first Peace Summit and for the close attention she and her team are paying to the implementation process of the Peace Formula, despite the preparations for the elections. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine