3 captures 24 Feb 2022 - 21 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070732/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/predstavniki-skautskih-organizacij-peredali-prezidentu-j-per-72133 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Representatives of scout organizations hand over Light of Peace from Bethlehem to President and First Lady 17 December 2021 - 18:16 Participants of the National Scout Organization of Ukraine and the Association of Ukrainian Guides handed over the Light of Peace from Bethlehem to President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena Zelenska. Congratulating the Head of State and the First Lady on the upcoming holidays, the representatives of the youth associations said that it was a great honor for them to pass the Light of Peace to them again. Member of the National Scout Organization of Ukraine Natalia Strokan said that the year, which has almost come to an end, was full of various events, but in it each of us had the opportunity to choose who to be, what to believe and what to do. "Each of us has already made his or her choice once, and we have promised to do everything in our power to honor our duty to God, Ukraine, to help others and to be true to ourselves. Thirty years ago, millions of Ukrainians chose to be independent and live in a sovereign Ukraine, which sovereignty is now defended by thousands of soldiers and volunteers, for which each of us is infinitely grateful. Given this, we would like to wish every Ukrainian in the new year to make their choice in view of love for loved ones, love for the people and our country. And we also wish everyone the light of goodness and peace, which we are happy to share with you today," she said, addressing the presidential couple. Leader of the Association of Ukrainian Guides Maria Chopyak said that her organization is also happy to join the tradition of handing over the Light of Peace from Bethlehem. "We congratulate you and home Ukraine on the upcoming holidays. We want all the planned events and activities to take place as easily and quickly as possible, so that all the plans are implemented. On this day, each of us hopes for some small miracle and fulfillment of desire. This year it was health and peace for Ukrainians, so let the Holy Spirit fill our hearts with love and bring peace and health to every family," she said. After handing over the Light of Peace from Bethlehem, representatives of the scout organizations sang a traditional song. Zelenskyy thanked for the warm greeting: "I wish each and every one of you, your families, warmth, peace and quietness, which the Light of Peace from Bethlehem symbolizes. I would like to wish this to all the families of our military who are defending us. A great army of big hearts really defends you, your future and our present, so I think they will be pleased to know that we wish warmth to their families, wherever they may be – with them on the front line or somewhere separately, but still together." The First Lady said that the tradition of passing the Light of Peace from Bethlehem every year brings a New Year's mood to the large administrative building of the President's Office. "When you come, you bring the light, it brings warmth, and the New Year holidays begin for everyone who works here," Olena Zelenska said. "Thank you very much for coming for the third year in a row. Please come again and again, because this wonderful tradition connects year with another year, unites people. Congratulate your parents, grandparents and thank them for children like you," she added. The President's wife also said that in the evening there will be an opening of a Christmas tree and a New Year's town near the President's Office, and invited young people to visit the festive location. ph Representatives of the scout organizations handed over the Bethlehem Fire to the President and the First Lady 17 December 2021 - 17:49 ph Representatives of the scout organizations handed over the Bethlehem Fire to the President and the First Lady 17 December 2021 - 17:49 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine