1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032151/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=38 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – When our people are doing everything possible and impossible for the victory, any internal betrayal triggers fury - address by the President of Ukraine 25 July 2023 - 22:23 No one will forgive MPs, judges, "military commissars" or any other officials for putting themselves in opposition to the state. For some, it's about islands and resorts during the war, for others it's about lining one's pockets in the military enlistment office, for others it's about bribes in the courts. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Rishi Sunak discussed enhancing the defense of Odesa and further defense cooperation 25 July 2023 - 11:36 The Head of State informed his interlocutor about Russia's daily attacks on Odesa, its attempts to destroy the city's historic center and port infrastructure. Massive Russian missile strikes on Ukraine's port infrastructure imperil global food security - Ihor Zhovkva in a conversation with the Advisor to the President of Portugal 24 July 2023 - 21:35 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held an online conversation with the Diplomatic Advisor to the President of the Portuguese Republic Maria Amélia Paiva. Russia must lose every day - that's fair - address by the President of Ukraine 24 July 2023 - 21:22 It is very important that our defense and security forces, our entire state, work as a single team for the sake of defense. Despite any attempts to break our state and our people, we know that Ukraine has a future - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 July 2023 - 21:29 There has never been a terrorist capable of overcoming the world, and these Kremlin madmen will not succeed either. Inspection of "military commissariats" continues: responsibility for violation is inevitable – address of President of Ukraine 22 July 2023 - 21:15 Every "cabinet" violation somewhere in the military hierarchy, any attempt to somehow get rich there humiliates our warriors, our heroes. President and Secretary General of NATO discuss situation in the Black Sea, Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration 22 July 2023 - 15:55 The interlocutors shared assessments of the current situation in the Black Sea and the risks it poses to global food security. Oleksiy Kuleba meets with management of international charity organization Misericordie 22 July 2023 - 12:24 Kuleba thanked those present for their help to Ukraine. He emphasized the importance of humanitarian missions with the support of the Embassy of the Sovereign Order of Malta in Ukraine and Misericordie. The Black Sea does not belong to Russia, so Ukraine, together with Türkiye and the UN, is working to unblock shipping lanes – President 22 July 2023 - 10:28 The states of the Black Sea region, in particular, Ukraine and Türkiye, maintain constructive and substantive relations with each other, and only Russia baselessly seeks to dominate the Black Sea waters. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, who took part in the 14th annual Aspen Security Forum via a video link. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discusses unblocking of grain corridor, implementation of Peace Formula with President of Türkiye 21 July 2023 - 21:07 The parties coordinated efforts to restore the operation of the Black Sea Grain Initiative. The President of Ukraine called unblocking the grain corridor an absolute priority. 1 2 ... 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine