7 captures 17 Sep 2020 - 17 Nov 2025 Jun JUL Aug 23 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240723045820/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-na-zustrichi-z-poslami-krayin-g7-vasha-pidtrim-63585 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Team Is Preparing Four New Security Agreements for Ukraine – Address by the President 22 July 2024 - 19:31 View all videos n latest news The Next 5 Years Are a Window of Opportunity that Ukraine and the EU Must Use Wisely – Ihor Zhovkva 22 July 2024 - 19:37 Our Team Is Preparing Four New Security Agreements for Ukraine – Address by the President 22 July 2024 - 19:31 Ukrainian-Language Audio Guide Launched at the Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque in the UAE – Olena Zelenska 22 July 2024 - 13:43 We Can Now Say: Our Air Defense Has Been Bolstered, We Will Be Able to Do More in the Skies – Address by the President of Ukraine 21 July 2024 - 21:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the United Kingdom 18 July 2024 - 12:39 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak at a meeting with G7 ambassadors: Your support is very important 14 September 2020 - 20:32 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the ambassadors of the G7 countries and spoke about the results of the negotiations at the level of advisors to the leaders of the countries participating in the Normandy format in Berlin. "We are extremely grateful for your support and want to convey to you the position of Ukraine and the algorithm by which we are moving towards a peaceful settlement of the military conflict in Donbas as transparently and thoroughly as possible," the Head of the President's Office said at the beginning of the meeting. First of all, he noted that every achievement, in particular the regime of silence, which lasted almost six weeks, was made possible thanks to the support of the G7 countries. Andriy Yermak informed the ambassadors of the G7 countries in detail about Ukraine's position in the negotiations, outlining the course of the negotiation process. He also noted that it was agreed to hold the next meeting of advisors to the leaders of the Normandy format in the near future, which, according to Andriy Yermak, will allow to bring the summit of the leaders of the "Normandy Four" closer. According to the Head of the Office of the President, Ukraine is proposing a clear plan of action to achieve peace with specific dates for the implementation of all agreements reached during the last meeting of the leaders of the Normandy format in Paris. Andriy Yermak noted that in order to inform Ukrainians about the details of the peace talks and the implementation of this plan, communication will be strengthened, participants in meetings at the level of advisors and TCG will carry out explanatory work "to inform about what is happening and what should be done by everyone to achieve peace as soon as possible". "We understand that communication, in particular with the media, is necessary and important," the Head of the President's Office said. The meeting was also attended by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Oleksiy Reznikov, Minister of Defense Andriy Taran, First Deputy Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Ruslan Demchenko, Ukraine's representative in the TCG working group on political issues, MP Andriy Kostin. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine