50 captures 27 Dec 2022 - 07 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221227204308/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-zahodimo-v-nastupnij-rik-i-mayemo-zberegti-spilne-rozumin-80097 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are entering the next year and must retain a common understanding of national goals - address by the President of Ukraine 27 December 2022 - 22:17 View all videos n latest news We are entering the next year and must retain a common understanding of national goals - address by the President of Ukraine 27 December 2022 - 22:21 The program of the famous TV host David Letterman with the participation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy was published on the website of the Office of the President and on YouTube 27 December 2022 - 14:27 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 27 December 2022 - 14:11 The situation in Donbas is difficult; I thank our guys who hold their positions firmly and find opportunities to "subtract" the occupiers - address by the President of Ukraine 26 December 2022 - 22:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the presentation of state awards on the occasion of Power Engineers' Day 23 December 2022 - 17:33 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are entering the next year and must retain a common understanding of national goals - address by the President of Ukraine 27 December 2022 - 22:21 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! I held a meeting of the Staff today - the 44th of this year already. The topic is clear. First of all, it is Bakhmut, Kreminna and Donbas in general. Possible actions of the enemy in the eastern direction and our actions. We listened to the commanders, decided on steps for the near future. We continue to prepare the defense and security forces of Ukraine for the next year. It must be a crucial year. We understand the risks in the winter, we understand what we have to do in the spring, and therefore we understand what results the entire defense and security sector must demonstrate. The supply of ammunition and the repair of military equipment was discussed separately. By the way, I want to thank our specialists, all our partners, everyone involved in the relevant work. We managed to establish a system to not only return repaired equipment to the battlefield, but also to take trophy equipment from the battlefield and put it at the service of our country. This is a very important result of the year, everyone involved did a great job. I spoke today with the Prime Minister of Italy. I thanked for the support already provided and for the new support. Mrs. Meloni said that the issue of air defense for Ukraine is currently under consideration and we have coordinated our steps. I believe that Italian support will allow us to strengthen the defense of the Ukrainian sky. Of course, we also discussed our diplomatic plans for the coming months. And also the winter threats, which I am sure we will overcome together. I held a meeting today regarding the work of the banking system and our cooperation with the IMF. We must provide even more opportunities for Ukrainians in the coming year and guarantee the strength of our banking and financial systems. I also spoke with the head of the world's largest investment fund, BlackRock. I received another confirmation that the business of the developed world believes in our victory and is ready to invest in our reconstruction. Specialists of this company are already helping Ukraine to structure the Fund for the reconstruction of our state. And we are already preparing to participate in the World Economic Forum in Davos. The position and prospects of Ukraine will be presented there. In general, this week will be important for Ukraine from a political point of view. We are entering the next year and must retain a common understanding of our national goals. Of course, this is the liberation of our land from the enemy, as well as the restoration of Ukraine, the return of our people home, the further rapprochement of our state with key partners, the opening of new opportunities for Ukraine in the world - these are all tasks for the near future. And not only for the state, but also for each and every one of us. Soon I will present my view on the implementation of these tasks in the annual Message to the Verkhovna Rada on the external and internal situation of Ukraine. I want this Message to be not a report, but our conversation about the coming year. Thank you to everyone who works for Ukraine! Thank you to everyone who fights for our independence! Thank you to all the units of our defense forces, which bring the defeat of the enemy closer! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine