1 capture 26 Sep 2024 Aug SEP Oct 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240926202855/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-09-2023&date-to=26-09-2024&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Can Be No Just Peace Without Ukraine - Speech of the President at the UN General Assembly 25 September 2024 - 18:48 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Prime Minister of Slovenia 25 September 2024 - 02:30 The President expressed hope for fruitful cooperation with the new European Commission, where a Slovenian representative has taken up the position of Commissioner for Enlargement. Russia’s War Against Ukraine Will End Because the UN Charter Will Work – Speech by the President of Ukraine at the High Level Meeting of the UN Security Council 24 September 2024 - 23:26 Russia can only be forced into peace. And that is exactly what’s needed – forcing Russia into peace as the sole aggressor in this war, the sole violator of the UN Charter. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We Have to Prepare the Second Peace Summit to End the War 24 September 2024 - 23:15 One day in this hall it will surely be said that Russia’s war against Ukraine has ended – not frozen, not paused, not forgotten. Truly ended. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his speech at the high level meeting of the UN Security Council. Defense Cooperation, Ukraine’s Needs, and Efforts to Achieve a Just Peace: Outcomes of the Meeting Between the Presidents of Ukraine and Finland 24 September 2024 - 23:08 In New York, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of Finland Alexander Stubb. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Discussed the Implementation of the Peace Formula with the President of Guatemala 24 September 2024 - 22:48 In New York, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of Guatemala Bernardo Arévalo. Olena Zelenska Received an Award from the Global Children's Charity Theirworld 24 September 2024 - 15:40 During her visit to New York to participate in the events of the 79th Session of the UN General Assembly, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska received the Unlock Big Change award from the global charity Theirworld. We Came to the United States for Positive Answers – President at the Meeting with the Ukrainian Community 24 September 2024 - 12:32 In New York, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska met with the Ukrainian community and visited the exhibition “Alexandra Exter: The Stage is a World” at the Ukrainian Museum. Winterization of Ukraine's Energy System: President Met with Executives of Leading American Energy Companies 24 September 2024 - 12:12 The Head of State thanked the American business community and the U.S. Administration for their support in the restoration of Ukraine's energy facilities. Ukraine's Plan for Victory Contains a Clear Vision of Steps Towards a Just and Lasting Peace – Andriy Yermak 24 September 2024 - 11:15 Ukraine's Plan for Victory, presented by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the United States, contains a clear vision of the steps to be taken to ensure a just and lasting peace. This was stated by the Head of the Office of the President, Andriy Yermak, in his speech at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York. I Call on Every Adult in the World to Take Action to Save Children – Olena Zelenska on the Sidelines of the UN Summit of the Future 24 September 2024 - 09:18 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the event “Securing the Future for Children: Addressing New Challenges for Soft Power” held on the sidelines of the UN Summit of the Future and the 79th Session of the UN General Assembly. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 184 185 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine