1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022831/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=66 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Ukraine initiates creation of International Aid Agency – President at meeting with Ukrainian diplomats 23 December 2022 - 18:34 Ukraine should become the actor in responding to crises in the world, and for this purpose, our state plans to create the Ukrainian International Aid Agency. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the Conference of Ambassadors of Ukraine "War and New Horizons in the World" in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Mark Rutte 23 December 2022 - 14:12 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte. The conversation was also joined by: Dutch Minister of Foreign Affairs Wopke Hoekstra, Dutch Minister of Defense Kajsa Ollongren and Dutch Minister of Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation Liesje Schreinemacher. On his way to Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Andrzej Duda in the rescuer city of Rzeszów 22 December 2022 - 16:30 On the way back from the United States of America to Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda in the rescuer city of Rzeszów. In Washington, the President of Ukraine met with the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the senators from the Republican and Democratic parties 22 December 2022 - 03:44 The Head of State expressed hope for the continuation of solid bicameral and bipartisan support of Ukraine in the Congress, thanks to which our country receives the much-needed military, financial and humanitarian aid. The Patriot complex is an important step in creating an effective air shield for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the negotiations with the U.S. President 22 December 2022 - 02:16 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the key issue of his negotiations today in the USA was the strengthening of Ukraine in the next year and the movement of our state towards victory in the war for independence. Ukraine and the United States have begun a new stage in bilateral relations - President of Ukraine following the negotiations with the President of the United States in Washington 22 December 2022 - 02:01 The Head of State emphasized that his current visit to the USA is historic in bilateral relations between Ukraine and America. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the President of the United States in Washington 22 December 2022 - 00:11 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked for the invitation and warm welcome among true friends of Ukraine. On behalf of the Ukrainian people, he expressed gratitude to Joseph Biden and all Americans for the tremendous support and leadership that the United States has shown in helping Ukraine. President of Ukraine started an official visit to the United States 21 December 2022 - 08:01 On December 21, in Washington, he will meet with U.S. President Joseph Biden, with whom he will discuss comprehensive cooperation between the two countries, in particular with regard to strengthening the resilience and defense capabilities of Ukraine, supporting its sovereignty and restoring territorial integrity. President of Ukraine met with the Ukrainian military in Bakhmut and presented state awards 20 December 2022 - 14:12 While in the area of hostilities, Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the Ukrainian warriors for their courage, resilience and strength, which they demonstrate while repelling enemy attacks. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 18 December 2022 - 18:45 The members of the Staff paid attention to the situation in Belarus. Information was heard about the actual number and armament of enemy military groups. The commanders noted the readiness of the defense forces to respond to any developments. 1 2 ... 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine