2 captures 20 Mar 2022 - 20 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220320140859/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=18-03-2021&date-to=18-03-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The more Russia uses terror against Ukraine, the worse the consequences will be for it - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 March 2022 - 02:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the shelling of Vinnytsia by the invaders: Close the sky over Ukraine, it is your humanitarian duty 6 March 2022 - 16:02 “If you do not do that, if you at least do not give us aircraft for us to be able to protect ourselves, there can be only one conclusion: You also want us to be slowly killed. This is also the responsibility of the world's politicians, Western leaders,” the Head of State added. President: Special funds are being formed for the reconstruction of Ukraine after the war 6 March 2022 - 13:18 According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, in particular, the Fund for the Restoration of Destroyed Property and Infrastructure, the Fund for Economic Recovery and Transformation, the Public Debt Service and Repayment Fund and the Small and Medium Business Support Fund are being established. Ukraine receives support from partners backed by concrete steps - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 March 2022 - 12:22 We have already gained our future. But we are still fighting for our present. It is very important. We are fighting for where the border will be. Between life and slavery. Ukrainians do not retreat, do not give up, do not stop the resistance - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 March 2022 - 21:40 Ukrainians! In all our cities where the enemy entered. Feel it. Go on the offensive! You need to go outside! You have to fight! Every time when there is an opportunity. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a zoom conference with US congressmen 5 March 2022 - 18:47 In total, more than 200 politicians joined the conversation with Volodymyr Zelenskyy to hear first-hand about the situation in Ukraine and ask questions. I am sure that soon we will be able to tell our people: come back, because there is no more threat - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 March 2022 - 11:22 We are already thinking about the future. For all Ukrainians. After the war. About how to revive our cities. How to revive the economy. We have an agreement among the largest financial institutions to support Ukraine. Website was launched for foreigners who want to help Ukraine protect its freedom and territorial integrity 5 March 2022 - 09:35 Foreigners who want to help Ukraine can find detailed step-by-step instructions on how to join the fair fight against the aggressor at https://fightforua.org/. We continue to fight, we will protect our state and liberate our land thanks to our heroes - address by the President of Ukraine 4 March 2022 - 23:06 We responded to the invasion as we can in times of greatest danger. Responded with heroism. Solidarity. Mutual assistance. We responded in Ukrainian. So that the history of Europe will remember it forever. It will tell children about it. Show it to grandchildren. Volodymyr Zelenskyy addressed residents of European cities: Support Ukraine, and it will be a victory of freedom, a victory of light over darkness 4 March 2022 - 21:24 During the teleconference, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy addressed residents of European cities who took part in a rally in support of Ukraine. Rallies in support of our state and against the Russian invasion took place in Frankfurt, Prague, Lyon, Tbilisi, Vienna, Bratislava and Vilnius. In order to implement the agreements reached at the talks on March 3, ways to resolve humanitarian issues are being elaborated - Adviser to the Head of the President's Office 4 March 2022 - 19:14 According to him, a working group has been set up, which includes representatives of Ukraine and Russia, as well as the International Committee of the Red Cross as a mediator. They discuss how it is logistically possible to evacuate people from the affected settlements, as well as how to bring food and medicine there. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 104 105 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine