4 captures 14 Dec 2024 - 06 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241214154000/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=30-11-2023&date-to=30-11-2024&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, We Already Have Preliminary Data That the Russians Have Begun to Use North Korean Soldiers in Their Assaults – Address by the President 14 December 2024 - 16:39 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Any Russian Blackmail Must Be Met With a Tough Response – in the Way Putin Deserves – Address by the President 28 November 2024 - 19:43 Right now, there may be even more attempts by Russia to spread fear and despair in Ukraine. We all need resilience to get through this. And we need unity with all our partners. Ukraine Must Implement Innovative Forms of Diplomacy – Ihor Zhovkva 28 November 2024 - 19:06 Ukraine must implement innovative forms of diplomacy and seek new approaches in international relations, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva stated during the international forum "Diplomacy Today: Ukraine's Role in Global Politics." Since the Beginning of Its Aggressive War, Russia Has Ignored 22 Fundamental International Documents – Andriy Yermak 28 November 2024 - 15:51 Since the beginning of its armed aggression against Ukraine in 2014, Russia has violated more than 400 international agreements, to which Ukraine and Russia are parties, and since 2022 it has ignored 22 fundamental international documents. This was stated by the Head of the Office of the President, Andriy Yermak, at the international forum “Diplomacy Today: Ukraine's Role in Global Politics.” Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Keir Starmer Discussed Continued Defense Cooperation 28 November 2024 - 13:01 The President thanked the United Kingdom for its support, in particular for its willingness to allocate a minimum of GBP 3 billion annually for Ukraine's needs. Enhancing Ukraine's Air Defense and NATO's Response to Russia's Expansion of the War: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Had a Conversation with Mark Rutte 27 November 2024 - 20:11 The Pressure on Russia Must Be Maintained and Increased at Various Levels – Address by the President 27 November 2024 - 19:56 And it is crucial that the decisions made at the NATO Summit in Washington on air defense and other supplies to the frontline have not yet been fully implemented; we are looking forward to it, and this, of course, has a significant impact on our people's motivation and morale. Danish Foundations and Companies Will Take Part in Rebuilding the Children’s Creative and Sports Center in Borodyanka and Constructing Homes for Large Foster Families 27 November 2024 - 12:18 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska and the team of the Olena Zelenska Foundation met with Denmark’s Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs Morten Bødskov during his visit to Kyiv. Board Members of the Fund of the President of Ukraine for the Support of Education, Science, and Sports Presented Their Achievements for the Year 26 November 2024 - 21:26 In the near future, the Board will hold a series of meetings to determine the key areas of work for the coming year. It will focus on attracting the best foreign experience for Ukraine in education, science and sports, as well as popularizing Ukrainian Studies abroad. Nearly 200 Russian Drones Against Ukraine in One Day – That Is Nearly 200 Proofs That Russian Ambitions Are Utterly Detached from Any Ideas of Real Peace – Address by the President 26 November 2024 - 18:14 And the only effective way to protect ourselves from this is to eliminate Russian weapons and Russian launchers directly on Russian territory. That is why the ability to strike Russian territory is so important to us. This is the only factor that can limit Russian terror and Russia's capacity to wage war in general. Olena Zelenska: The Resilience of One is the Resilience of Millions 26 November 2024 - 17:33 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska opened the forum “Human Resilience – System Resilience” in Kyiv. The event was organized within the framework of the All-Ukrainian Mental Health Program “How Are You?” initiated by the President's wife. Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal and Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Iryna Vereshchuk also attended the forum. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine