6 captures 29 Nov 2023 - 10 Aug 2025 Oct NOV Dec 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231129093241/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=176 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are preparing some serious long-range stuff to make sure the occupiers feel the might of Ukraine – address by the President of Ukraine 28 November 2023 - 20:30 View all videos pg Photo gallery President takes part in the 2nd Grain from Ukraine summit 25 November 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We must use all our influence and leadership to protect freedom and ensure the defeat of tyranny - President of Ukraine during the TIME100 Gala 9 June 2022 - 09:25 We can defeat tyranny. Indeed, every one of us – every one – is the leader of our time. We can reliably defend freedom. We can stop blackmail by a person who has no place on our list at all. If we are up to it, then we must do it. Because influence obliges us to do so. Battle for Severodonetsk is probably one of the most difficult during this war, and in particular the fate of Donbas is being decided there - address by the President of Ukraine 8 June 2022 - 22:38 According to the results of this day, the 105th day of the full-scale war, Severodonetsk remains the epicenter of the confrontation in Donbas. We defend our positions, inflict significant losses on the enemy. Uniting the world around Ukraine will help protect democratic values - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 June 2022 - 21:24 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the Yale CEO Summit in a video conference mode. Political history always goes alongside economic one, and success can be common only - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the participants of Ukraine Virtual Investor Conference 8 June 2022 - 17:46 We offer you just such a success. Because we feel that our defense in this war and our work for the victory have shown everyone in the world that we really deserve success. We must prepare for the next heating season, which due to the aggression of the Russian Federation will be the most difficult since independence - address by the President of Ukraine 7 June 2022 - 23:59 The government is setting up a headquarters to prepare for the next heating season. This decision was made as a result of a meeting I held today with both government officials and representatives of our largest state-owned energy companies and regulators. Famous Ukrainian tennis player Elina Svitolina became a UNITED24 ambassador 7 June 2022 - 22:58 Titled tennis player, Elina Svitolina, has become the second ambassador for UNITED24, a fundraising platform initiated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The ambassador was introduced during a zoom call with the President of Ukraine, Deputy Prime Minister - Minister of Digital Transformation Mykhailo Fedorov, and platform coordinator Yaroslava Gres. Andriy Yermak met with G7 ambassadors 7 June 2022 - 20:53 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the ambassadors of the G7 countries. It would be appropriate to continue providing financial assistance to Ukrainian refugees from allied countries even after their return to Ukraine - Oleg Ustenko 7 June 2022 - 19:03 “A modest cash grant program would help millions now struggling to feed their families stay in their communities and increase economic activity,” Oleg Ustenko and Simon Johnson noted. Ukraine's success in war with aggressor depends not only on unity of people, but also on weapons, sanctions and political support of the West - President 7 June 2022 - 17:02 Ukraine's further success in the war against the Russian aggressor and the deoccupation of territories depend not only on the unity of the Ukrainian people and the strength of the Armed Forces, but also on the weapons supplied to us by partner states, political support and consistent Western sanctions policy. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with Financial Times Editor Roula Khalaf. The world should not get used to Russia's war against Ukraine, otherwise it will never end - Olena Zelenska in an interview for the American TV channel ABC 7 June 2022 - 10:22 First Lady Olena Zelenska called on the world, and in particular the United States, not to get used to Russia's war against Ukraine, because if that happens, the war will never end. The President's wife stated this in an interview for the American TV channel ABC, which she gave in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine