8 captures 06 Feb 2023 - 08 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230206033501/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=163 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The NSDC decision on sanctions against Russia's nuclear industry has been put into effect, and this is not the last decision on this industry - address by the President of Ukraine 5 February 2023 - 21:09 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the EU-Ukraine Summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 17:26 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the celebrations of the AFU Day in Kharkiv: Thanks to our soldiers we feel only pride 6 December 2021 - 20:35 "We restored Ukraine's independence 30 years ago. 30 years ago, forces were born to protect it. This is the Armed Forces of Ukraine. Today is their day. Today is their professional holiday. Today is the 30th anniversary of the Armed Forces of Ukraine! From the bottom of my heart and on behalf of Ukraine, I congratulate you and us on this great day," the President said. On the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, the Head of State visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian military in Donbas 6 December 2021 - 16:12 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian army in the area of the Joint Forces Operation and congratulated the military on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. The Head of State talked to the servicemen and presented valuable gifts to them. President is on a working trip to the east of Ukraine 6 December 2021 - 11:29 The President will take part in ceremonial events on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and present state awards to the servicemen. The President will also take part in the ceremony of awarding honorary titles and presenting battle flags to military units of the Armed Forces. Volunteering made Ukraine invincible in 2014 and makes it invincible today - President 5 December 2021 - 19:35 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the festivities on the occasion of the International Volunteer Day, which took place on the territory of the Mystetskyi Arsenal Museum Complex in Kyiv. Andriy Yermak discussed with G7 and EU ambassadors the security situation near Ukraine's border, the Donbas peace process, the law on de-oligarchization and the course of reforms 4 December 2021 - 09:24 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak informed foreign diplomats about the process of peaceful settlement in Donbas and the return of the temporarily occupied territories, as well as about tensions around Ukraine's state borders. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi 3 December 2021 - 20:00 Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed the importance of further cooperation with the United Arab Emirates as one of Ukraine's key trade and economic partners in the Middle East. For his part, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan stressed that his country is interested in expanding relations with Ukraine in all areas of mutual interest. The first phone conversation between the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Hungary took place 3 December 2021 - 18:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of Hungary Viktor Orbán on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries. Ukraine is confidently moving towards creating comfortable living conditions for people with disabilities - President 3 December 2021 - 14:38 Today, Ukraine and the whole world celebrate the International Day of People with Disabilities. Creating a barrier-free space and a comfortable and accessible environment for all citizens is a priority of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in shaping state policy aimed at the harmonious integration of people with disabilities into public life. The topic of inclusiveness, accessibility, tolerance and wide opportunities for self-realization of people with disabilities is constantly in the focus of attention of the First Lady Olena Zelenska. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Justin Trudeau 2 December 2021 - 21:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau on the 30th anniversary of Canada’s recognition of Ukraine’s independence. The Ukrainian President noted that our people have always felt and still feel sincere support from friendly Canada. Joint statement by the President of Ukraine, the President of the Republic of Lithuania and the President of the Republic of Poland 2 December 2021 - 18:18 The Presidents of Ukraine, Lithuania and Poland confirmed their clear commitment to further expanding their cooperation in a wide range of areas such as security and defence, economy, energy and others, including within the Lublin Triangle format. The Republic of Lithuania and the Republic of Poland reconfirm their full support for Ukraine’s membership in the EU and NATO. 1 2 ... 159 160 161 162 163 164 165 166 167 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine