16 captures 28 Nov 2023 - 06 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231128202438/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/gotuyemo-horoshi-dalekobijni-rechi-shob-okupanti-vidchuvali-87317 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are preparing some serious long-range stuff to make sure the occupiers feel the might of Ukraine – address by the President of Ukraine 28 November 2023 - 20:30 View all videos n latest news We are preparing some serious long-range stuff to make sure the occupiers feel the might of Ukraine – address by the President of Ukraine 28 November 2023 - 20:28 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, negotiations with Italy on the conclusion of a bilateral agreement on security guarantees have begun 28 November 2023 - 10:23 Development of the Ukrainian defense industry is an important component of our victory - Andriy Yermak during a meeting with students and lecturers of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 28 November 2023 - 09:37 It is important for every community to do everything possible now to avoid casualties due to bad weather – address by the President of Ukraine 27 November 2023 - 22:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President takes part in the 2nd Grain from Ukraine summit 25 November 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are preparing some serious long-range stuff to make sure the occupiers feel the might of Ukraine – address by the President of Ukraine 28 November 2023 - 20:28 I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! I have just held a special, lengthy and detailed meeting of the Staff. First up – fortification. We are significantly enhancing our fortifications. There were detailed reports at all levels: The General Staff, the Ministry of Defense, the Prime Minister, regional authorities, commanders of the operational and strategic military formations. All finances are available. All decisions are in place. There should be comprehensive corresponding work in the communities. Everything is fully itemized – our country will definitely have enough mines and concrete. We need greater speed and efficiency, and everyone who is responsible for this has clear tasks. There was also an important analysis of recent attacks against Ukraine – missiles, massive drone strikes. We analyzed the tactics of our air defense. There is a clear need to develop and reinforce our mobile firing groups, as well as to get all highly effective air defense systems. We separately reviewed the work of Patriots and NASAMS – everything is highly effective, and I'm grateful to the partners who assist us specifically with these systems. The Air Force Commander and other relevant commanders, as well as the Ministry of Defense have been given the necessary instructions. There were, of course, reports from commanders on all fronts. Special attention was paid to the Donetsk directions: Avdiivka, Maryinka, and the Bakhmut area. Over the last 24 hours, the most intense hostilities were observed there. I thank all our warriors for their strength and resilience. The Kupyansk direction – I want to particularly highlight the holding of our positions there. We also discussed our actions on the southern fronts. Today, I held a separate meeting with the Minister of Strategic Industries of Ukraine, and I can say it was optimistic. We're preparing, among other things, some serious long-range stuff to make sure the occupiers feel the might of Ukraine. And one more thing. I have signed the law of Ukraine on the state budget for the next year. It's evident that its main priority is protection against Russian aggression. However, we're also taking into account the social needs of our people and fulfilling our country's social obligations in full. During full-scale war, it's incredibly important that every citizen in need of state support receives it. And everyone who is currently creating jobs, who is preserving businesses and even developing them, everyone who is in Ukraine and with Ukraine, working honestly and supporting others – they all support our defense and our progress towards Ukrainian goals. To protect and strengthen our independence, to protect our people, to restore normal, decent living conditions – to the maximum extent possible. I thank everyone who fights and works for this cause! Glory to all Ukrainian warriors! Glory to our powerful people! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine