10 captures 15 Sep 2022 - 10 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220915023805/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/persha-ledi-ukrayini-pribula-u-strasburg-dlya-uchasti-v-ogol-77781 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will respond to the terrorists for each of their vile acts, for each missile – we are capable of that – address by the President of Ukraine 15 September 2022 - 02:14 View all videos n latest news We will respond to the terrorists for each of their vile acts, for each missile – we are capable of that – address by the President of Ukraine 15 September 2022 - 02:10 Ukraine appreciates Croatia's support for our country's movement towards membership in the European Union - Ihor Zhovkva 14 September 2022 - 18:53 President held a meeting on the energy security of the Kharkiv region 14 September 2022 - 18:35 First Lady of Ukraine arrived in Strasbourg to participate in the announcement of the annual State of the EU Report and met with the President of the European Commission 14 September 2022 - 14:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kharkiv region 14 September 2022 - 13:48 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife First Lady of Ukraine arrived in Strasbourg to participate in the announcement of the annual State of the EU Report and met with the President of the European Commission 14 September 2022 - 14:07 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska arrived in Strasbourg at the invitation of President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen to participate in the announcement of the Report on the State of the European Union. Every year in September, the President of the European Commission delivers such a Report at the plenary session of the European Parliament. Until now, there was no practice of inviting foreign guests or delegations to the announcement of the Report. The wife of the President of Ukraine became the first guest of honor at such a session of the European Parliament. This year's Report is devoted, among other things, to the EU's response to the armed aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine (sanctions against Russia, financial and humanitarian aid to Ukraine, support for displaced persons, increased investment in the defense of EU countries), as well as energy security issues (implementation of the REPowerEU plan to gradually abandon Russian energy carriers). During the speech, Ursula von der Leyen announced the decision of the European Commission to allocate 100 million euros for the reconstruction of 74 Ukrainian schools in the framework of the Fast Recovery Plan. Institutions should be restored before the beginning of winter. Separate plans have been prepared for each school. Olena Zelenska also personally met with the President of the European Commission. The First Lady thanked her for the invitation and solidarity with Ukraine in the fight against the Russian invaders. "Millions of Ukrainians were forced to leave their homes and go abroad in order to save the lives of their children. We are grateful to European countries for sheltering our citizens and creating conditions for their temporary residence. We have to solve a large number of problems, and today I hope to discuss with you the needs of Ukrainians both abroad and inside the country in the fields of health care, education and culture," said Olena Zelenska at the beginning of the meeting. The interlocutors paid attention to the topic of medical assistance to Ukrainians, in particular to wounded servicemen and civilians. Assistance from the EU in solving problems with certain categories of special care medical institutions, implementing programs for psychological support of the population, and building Ukraine's capacity in the field of prosthetics was also discussed. In addition, they discussed the urgent educational needs of Ukrainians abroad and at home, support from the EU in protecting and preserving Ukrainian cultural heritage. "Ukraine must win, and we will do everything for it. This victory is not just a victory of Ukraine over Russia in the war, it is a matter of survival and the future of democracy. We will stand by your side until the end, no matter how long it takes," said Ursula von der Leyen. Olena Zelenska noted the role of the European Union in evacuating wounded Ukrainian servicemen and civilians abroad. On March 11, the European Commission introduced a standard medical evacuation procedure (MEDEVAC). Over this time, 1,187 people were transported from Ukraine to medical facilities in European countries. The First Lady called on the EU to support the National Program of Mental Health and Psychosocial Support, which is being implemented to help the population affected by hostilities, as well as the development of Ukraine's capabilities in the field of prosthetics, facial reconstruction and treatment of post-traumatic disorders. In addition, Olena Zelenska emphasized that the Ukrainian authorities are implementing the recommendations of the European Commission, which are necessary for the start of the negotiation process on our country's acquisition of EU membership. "Russia's war is also aimed at hindering Ukraine's European integration processes. However, these efforts of Russia turned into a fiasco. I want to assure you that the authorities of Ukraine are determined to make every effort to speed up our country's path to full membership in the EU. Ukraine is ready to do all the necessary work in order to bring the start of negotiations closer," the First Lady assured. During the visit, Olena Zelenska plans to discuss these and other issues also with President of the European Parliament Roberta Metsola, Secretary General of the Council of Europe Marija Pejčinović Burić, Vice-President of the European Commission for Promoting the European Way of Life Margaritis Schinas, European Commissioner for Health and Food Safety Stella Kyriakides. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine