8 captures 27 Feb 2023 - 15 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 27 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230227134904/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-nikoli-ne-zabudemo-nejmovirnu-pidtrimku-z-boku-amerikansk-81313 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The pressure of Ukraine and the world on the terrorist state will be continued - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 February 2023 - 19:30 View all videos n latest news We will never forget the incredible support of the American people - Andriy Yermak on Fox News 27 February 2023 - 09:01 President held an online meeting with representatives of the United News telethon 26 February 2023 - 20:58 We count on Saudi Arabia's support for the Ukrainian Peace Formula - Andriy Yermak 26 February 2023 - 19:56 The pressure of Ukraine and the world on the terrorist state will be continued - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 February 2023 - 19:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 26 February 2023 - 17:10 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office We will never forget the incredible support of the American people - Andriy Yermak on Fox News 27 February 2023 - 09:01 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak is convinced that by their heroic struggle against Russian aggression, Ukrainians have reminded the world of the true values of democracy and freedom, which always prevail. He said this on the air of the American TV channel Fox News. "This year we have shown that we are capable of fighting, defending and liberating our occupied territories. The Ukrainian formula for victory is, first of all, our brave, heroic nation, our strong united society. And, of course, the strong support of our partners and allies," said Andriy Yermak. The Head of the President's Office once again thanked the American people for their incredible support and assistance to Ukrainians throughout this year. "We will never forget this. I am confident that our victory will be a common victory. We thank all Americans, President Joseph Biden, and both parties of Congress for supporting our country," he said. Andriy Yermak emphasized that the recent visit of the U.S. leader to Kyiv was an extremely powerful signal that the United States not only supports Ukraine, but is confident in its victory. The Head of the President's Office noted that our people have united the free world around supporting Ukraine, showed that we can be sure that true democracy and freedom always win. According to Andriy Yermak, people in Ukraine have become unprecedentedly united during this terrible war. Answering a question about China's possible influence on Russia's war against Ukraine, he noted that China's publicized position on a peaceful settlement is a good signal of its potential willingness to participate in this process. At the same time, according to the Head of the Presidential Office, it is necessary to look at actions. "We need to clearly understand what China really means and what it is willing to do to help end this war," Andriy Yermak said. The Head of the Presidential Office also emphasized that it would be a very big and dangerous mistake if China decides to supply any weapons and other items that will help Russians continue to kill Ukrainians and destroy civilian infrastructure. And this will contradict the position on peaceful settlement that China declares, said Andriy Yermak. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine