1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233434/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=9 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ukraine should receive reliable security guarantees and unite the whole world around Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula - Andriy Yermak at Aspen Security Forum 21 July 2023 - 13:35 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak notes that our state continues to work on obtaining reliable guarantees of its security and uniting as many countries as possible around the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. Oleg Tatarov discussed with EU representatives a comprehensive strategic plan for reforming law enforcement agencies in Ukraine 20 July 2023 - 21:35 The Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine thanked the interlocutors for supporting Ukraine in reforming the law enforcement system in accordance with the EU standards. Ihor Zhovkva met with President of Eurochambres Vladimír Dlouhý 20 July 2023 - 21:03 The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office briefed the interlocutor on the conceptual vision of the President of Ukraine of the process of rebuilding Ukraine and emphasized the need to attract the best international experience for this purpose. If Ukraine is unable to use its seaports and food corridors, it will be a disaster for the whole world - Oleg Ustenko 20 July 2023 - 20:12 According to Oleg Ustenko, when the Russians destroyed 60,000 tons of grain in the port of Odesa with missiles the day before, they actually left 300,000 people without food. Ukraine needs security guarantees already today - Ihor Zhovkva in a conversation with the Special Advisor to the Prime Minister of Finland 20 July 2023 - 16:23 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held an online conversation with Tuomas Tikkanen, Special Advisor to the Prime Minister of Finland in EU Affairs. Special international tribunal should become an effective way to punish Russia for its aggression against Ukraine - Andriy Smyrnov 18 July 2023 - 21:25 The Special International Tribunal should become an effective and fair way to punish Russia for the crime of aggression against Ukraine, and one of its options is to establish an "internationalized court". This was stated by Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Smyrnov during a briefing at the Office of the President. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Head of the NATO Mission in Ukraine 18 July 2023 - 20:26 The interlocutors discussed the main results of the NATO Summit in Vilnius in the context of Ukraine's interests and coordinated further steps to implement the relevant decisions taken in Vilnius. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 18 July 2023 - 18:36 The interlocutors summarized the results of the NATO Summit held last week in Vilnius. The Head of the President's Office commended the approval of the Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine in the margins of the Summit, which envisages security commitments for our country. Ihor Zhovkva had a conversation with the Assistant Secretary for the EU and International Division at the Department of the Taoiseach of Ireland 18 July 2023 - 15:43 The interlocutors focused on the Ukrainian side's vision of the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. Andriy Yermak and foreign diplomats visited the Chornobyl NPP to discuss the implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula 17 July 2023 - 21:39 The meeting took place at the territory of the Chornobyl Nuclear Power Plant and was devoted to the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula, in particular, the implementation of the points related to nuclear and radiation safety. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine