15 captures 25 Aug 2019 - 30 Apr 2025 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202061724/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ministerstvo-u-spravah-veteraniv-ne-bude-likvidovane-prezide-56909 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:47 First Lady of Ukraine met with the King Charles III of the United Kingdom 1 December 2022 - 17:51 Congratulations from President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Day of the Employees of the Prosecution Bodies of Ukraine 1 December 2022 - 17:18 Yermak-McFaul Sanctions Group published research on Russian oil price caps 1 December 2022 - 15:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Ministry for Veterans’ Affairs will not be liquidated - President 23 August 2019 - 12:05 The Ministry for Veterans’ Affairs will continue its work and the news about its alleged liquidation are rumors. It was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the opening of the II International Forum of Volunteers and Veterans “Ukraine is where we are”. “The Ministry for Veterans’ Affairs will not be liquidated. These are shameful rumors. You know better than anyone what problems it has, what doesn’t work and what should be changed immediately. We will implement all this,” the Head of State noted. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also offered the veterans to put forward their candidature to the post of the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs. “I do not want to choose alone. I want you to give us a candidate who is authoritative to lead the ministry,” the President emphasized. The Head of State noted that the Committee of the Verkhovna Rada on Veterans’ Affairs would be united with another committee, however its functionality would not disappear. “I assure you that the new Verkhovna Rada would do everything necessary to protect your rights. All the necessary laws will be adopted,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. He also informed that the Council of Volunteers was being created under the Office of the President and a Commissioner for the Volunteers’ Rights would be appointed. “We are convinced that it is not about the bodies or their quantity. It is about willingness to work and help you,” the President of Ukraine emphasized. ph Participation in the events on the Day of the State Flag 23 August 2019 - 11:19 ph Participation in the events on the Day of the State Flag 23 August 2019 - 11:19 © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine