1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221548/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President had a meeting with the Prime Minister of Albania in New York 20 September 2023 - 18:48 During the negotiations, the leaders signed a Joint Declaration on the Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine. Joint Declaration by Ukraine and the Republic of Albania on the Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine 20 September 2023 - 18:07 Albania supports Ukraine to become a NATO member, as soon as Allies agree and conditions are met, and remains fully committed to support Ukraine on its path to full Euro-Atlantic integration. President of Ukraine met with the UN Secretary-General 20 September 2023 - 01:15 Volodymyr Zelenskyy drew the UN Secretary-General's attention to the use of Iranian drones by the aggressor state to attack Ukraine's port and agricultural infrastructure. In New York, Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed the protection of people and cooperation in civil defense with Benjamin Netanyahu 20 September 2023 - 01:04 In New York, where the 78th session of the UN General Assembly is taking place, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu. As nukes are restrained, likewise the aggressor and all its methods of war must be restrained – Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his speech at the UN General Assembly 19 September 2023 - 23:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that the Ukrainian Peace Formula envisages steps that will stop all forms of weaponization that Russia used against Ukraine and other countries and that may be used by other aggressors. President met with the President of the European Council in New York 19 September 2023 - 22:45 The leaders discussed the implementation of the European Commission's seven recommendations for Ukraine's membership in the EU. President of Ukraine met with the President of Kenya in New York 19 September 2023 - 19:59 Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed the President of Kenya about the functioning of an alternative route for the export of Ukrainian grain via the Black Sea, as well as the work on creating other export routes. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Republic of South Africa in New York 19 September 2023 - 19:30 The two leaders discussed topical issues of cooperation between Ukraine and South Africa in continuation of their dialogue started during the meeting in Kyiv. In New York, the President visited a hospital treating Ukrainian servicemen and awarded defenders 19 September 2023 - 01:46 Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke to the servicemen and wished them a speedy recovery. The President awarded the defenders with the Order "For Courage", III grade. Head of State holds meeting to discuss protection of Ukraine's interests and principles of free trade with EU after talk with President of European Commission 15 September 2023 - 22:13 The meeting took place immediately after a talk with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen resulted in the agreement that all temporary restrictions imposed by the EU will expire today, September 15. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine