7 captures 26 Jun 2023 - 14 Oct 2025 May JUN Jul 26 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230626114200/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-na-brifingu-dlya-nimeckih-zmi-ukrayina-ochikuy-83809 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The longer the Russian aggression lasts, the more degradation it causes in Russia itself – address by the President of Ukraine 25 June 2023 - 23:15 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak at a briefing for the German media: Ukraine expects to receive a clear invitation for simplified accession to the Alliance at the Vilnius Summit 26 June 2023 - 12:28 Andriy Yermak met with the head of the Danish government and thanked for the efforts of the Danish government to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula 26 June 2023 - 09:38 The longer the Russian aggression lasts, the more degradation it causes in Russia itself – address by the President of Ukraine 25 June 2023 - 23:12 Presidents of Ukraine and the United States discussed further defense cooperation and bolstering the capabilities of the Ukrainian army 25 June 2023 - 22:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President and the First Lady visited the XI International Book Arsenal Festival 22 June 2023 - 20:41 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak at a briefing for the German media: Ukraine expects to receive a clear invitation for simplified accession to the Alliance at the Vilnius Summit 26 June 2023 - 12:28 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen, who are co-chairs of the International Working Group on Security Guarantees for Ukraine, held a briefing for representatives of leading German media on preparations for the Vilnius NATO Summit and provision of security guarantees for Ukraine. The meeting was moderated by Nico Lange, Senior Advisor at Rasmussen Global, former Head of the Konrad Adenauer Foundation's office in Ukraine. "Our meeting today aims to give you some context and show you our position and vision of a number of issues, including the Ukrainian Peace Formula proposed by President Zelenskyy, as well as accession to NATO and security guarantees," the Head of the Presidential Office noted. Andriy Yermak and Anders Fogh Rasmussen presented their views of the upcoming NATO Summit in Vilnius, Ukraine's expectations from the summit and its path to NATO membership. In the context of expectations from the Vilnius Summit, the Head of the Presidential Office stated that Ukraine seeks to receive a clear invitation to join the Alliance under a simplified procedure. "We understand that in the context of a large-scale war, it is impossible to give an exact date. But it will be possible when the security situation allows," he said. According to Andriy Yermak, daily consultations and negotiations with partners are underway to make the upcoming summit effective for our country. "Ukraine's position is that we expect to receive an invitation to simplified accession at the summit in July. But, importantly, we would like to receive an absolutely clear signal that would fix Ukraine's path to NATO membership. If we continue the open door policy now, we will send a bad signal to Russia that it can continue all the things it is doing in Ukraine every day," the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. Regarding Germany's position on Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration, he noted that our countries have long historical relations. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Chancellor Olaf Scholz also have warm friendly and partnership relations. "I believe that Germany can make a historic decision. We are ready to continue consultations and meet with our partners if there are any questions left. As for our position, we are confident in it," added Andriy Yermak. Separately, the attention of media representatives was drawn to the proposals on security guarantees for Ukraine, which should be provided to our country on its way to full membership in NATO. Andriy Yermak and Anders Fogh Rasmussen noted that such proposals were set out in the draft Kyiv Security Compact, developed by experts of the International Working Group and published in September 2022. Anders Fogh Rasmussen noted that at the Vilnius Summit, Ukraine should receive both security guarantees and a signal on the prospects of membership in the Alliance. He emphasized that he believes in providing security guarantees to Ukraine at the summit in July and expressed his belief that the future of the Ukrainian state lies in the Alliance, as Ukraine is currently building a new security architecture in Europe. "We have to move towards a clear support package and talk about a framework of long-term security guarantees for Ukraine. NATO membership for Ukraine is also in focus. I believe that this time will come at the Vilnius Summit," said the former NATO Secretary General. Speaking about defense support from partners, the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine noted that the resilience of the Ukrainian people and the determination of the Armed Forces in the fight against the Russian aggressor encourage world leaders to increase the supply of weapons to our country. "Every day, Ukrainians go to bed and are not sure whether they will wake up in the morning. But they stay here, at home. They come back. And this prompted our partners to provide us with means to protect the sky. And in other positions as well," stated Andriy Yermak. In this context, he also noted that the weapons provided by Germany, including air defense systems, also help our people. "This is a significant help. During his recent visit to Berlin and Aachen, President Zelenskyy personally thanked the German people, the Chancellor and the German Parliament for supporting Ukraine and helping us. Your weapons are working effectively on our battlefield, and, of course, we are extremely grateful and look forward to the continuation of this support," the Head of the Presidential Office said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine