26 captures 03 Dec 2022 - 30 Jul 2025 Nov DEC Jan 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221203230707/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nasha-peremoga-zdobuvayetsya-siloyu-zbroyi-j-duhu-siloyu-nas-79617 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:10 View all videos n latest news Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:07 Andriy Yermak meets with Victoria Nuland who arrived in Ukraine on visit 3 December 2022 - 19:50 President, First Lady of Ukraine visit World of Skovoroda exhibition in Ukrainian House 3 December 2022 - 19:15 First Lady Olena Zelenska opens Philosophy of Ability forum devoted to International Day of People with Disabilities 3 December 2022 - 18:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President met with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity 2 December 2022 - 21:31 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:07 Dear Ukrainians, I wish you health! I held another meeting of the Staff. The commanders reported on the situation in specific directions – in the most important directions. In Donetsk region – Bakhmut, Soledar – now, as before, it's the hottest, most painful. We do everything to help our boys in this direction. Our heroes who are holding the defense there. Everyone there deserves the highest gratitude! And now I would like to separately thank the border guards of the Chop detachment, who are fighting near Bakhmut and today "landed" another plane of the occupiers. Luhansk region and Kharkiv region – we're strengthening our forces. South – we continue to erase the capabilities of the occupiers. Border – we're strengthening the entire perimeter. Black Sea water area – we're working so that finally Kalibr missiles could be at least at the bottom of the sea. Of course, we discussed further steps in the area of total spiritual independence of Ukraine and protection of our state from informal networks of influence of the terrorist state. A separate conversation at the meeting of the Staff is about energy. Recovery progress and object protection. We are constantly working on it. The discussion on price caps, i.e. on limiting the export price of Russian oil, has ended in the world. Unfortunately, without big decisions, as you wouldn't call it a big decision to set such a limit for Russian prices, which is quite comfortable for the budget of a terrorist state. Russia has already caused huge losses to all countries of the world by deliberately destabilizing the energy market. And the world cannot dare its real energy disarmament. It's a weak position. And it's only a matter of time when stronger tools will have to be used anyway. It is a pity that this time will be lost. The logic is obvious: if the price limit for Russian oil is $60 instead of, for example, $30, which Poland and the Baltic countries talked about, then the Russian budget will receive about a hundred billion dollars a year. This money will go not only to the war and not only to Russia's further sponsoring of other terrorist regimes and organizations. This money will also be used to further destabilize precisely those countries that are now trying to avoid big decisions. Today, I held a meeting with the leaders of our foreign policy bloc. We summed up the week and are preparing new events for December and January. Very powerful steps. Ukraine's position will be heard, Ukraine's interests will be realized despite everything. And one more. Yesterday I spoke with students of universities: Skovoroda University in Pereiaslav, Kyiv-Mohyla Academy, Skovoroda Kharkiv National Pedagogical University. Three institutions out of many that keep the memory of Skovoroda and preserve Ukrainianness itself. And today I also visited the exhibition "The World of Skovoroda" at the Ukrainian House in Kyiv. And it is right that in such conditions, in such a year, events for the 300th anniversary of Skovoroda are taking place all over the country. It is right that there is strength, there is the strength to take care of Ukrainian in all its manifestations. Because our victory is being achieved by the strength of arms and the strength of the spirit. The strength of the soldiers and the strength of the people. The strength of the state and the strength of culture. The strength of our unity is our ability to work together for the sake of Ukrainian interests and our ability to support each other. Support, because we are Ukrainians, and the strength of this argument alone should be enough for all of us. Glory to all who fight for Ukraine! Glory to all who work for our country! Eternal memory and respect to all those who gave their lives for independence! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine