11 captures 21 Apr 2023 - 14 Nov 2025 Mar APR May 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230421205336/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mir-maye-stati-bezalternativnim-same-tomu-zlo-maye-prograti-82401 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Now we all need to stay united, mobilized and fully focused on defense – address of the President of Ukraine 21 April 2023 - 19:03 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak had phone talk with foreign policy advisors to heads of government of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Iceland, foreign policy advisor to Finland's President 21 April 2023 - 21:16 Now we all need to stay united, mobilized and fully focused on defense – address of the President of Ukraine 21 April 2023 - 19:02 President held a meeting with the EBRD President 21 April 2023 - 16:17 Daria Herasymchuk met with the delegation of the European Commission, European Parliament and Sweden led by Dubravka Šuica 21 April 2023 - 14:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the International Summit of Cities and Regions in Kyiv 20 April 2023 - 16:49 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Peace must become irreplaceable, that is why evil must lose - speech by the President of Ukraine at the General Congress of the United Mexican States 21 April 2023 - 10:06 Dear attendees! There is a 9-hour time difference between us and more than 10,000 kilometers of distance. We have a different state path. And we speak different languages. But we also have something that allows us to understand each other. It is equally heartbreaking for Ukrainians and Mexicans when we see how innocent lives are taken. Taken by brutal violence where real peace could reign. Peace is the main desire in billions of prayers on earth, and tens of millions of such prayers and such wishes are heard in Ukraine every day. Ladies and Gentlemen! People of Mexico! Aren’t we united by the dream of safety and peace on all the streets of all the cities of our countries? Don’t we equally condemn those who shoot civilians and burn houses? We both equally do not perceive evil. Evil has many manifestations, but always one main target – human life. Whatever the continent and whatever the country. In the same way, protecting life is a feat everywhere in the fight against evil. And everyone who saves from violence, everyone who pulls children out from under the bullets of murderers, everyone who stops torturers and looters, everyone who protects women from rapists... Every defender of life should get the highest respect of their society and all decent people of the world. Because life is of the highest value. Peace is of the highest value. And the greatest meanness is to launch aggression against another nation and wage bandit wars. Can Ukraine stop resisting Russia's aggression? No, because then we will lose our life. And it's not just about something abstract. Those for whom life is worth nothing came to our land. Russian soldiers fired at hundreds of cars with people who wanted to flee hostilities right on the roads... They created torture chambers in each of our cities that Russia managed to capture. These were usually basements where people were tortured for weeks and months... Russian soldiers took whole villages hostage, all the inhabitants. And when they killed some, and others went to bury them, sometimes those others were also shot... Hitting a railway station with a missile, where hundreds of people are waiting on the platform for an evacuation train, is routine for the Russian army. A little more than a year ago, on April 8, it happened in our city of Kramatorsk... Sixty-one lives were taken by that Russian missile and one hundred and twenty-one people were wounded... And this is just one such terrorist attack! Can you imagine a deliberate attack on the church on the eve of Easter? An artillery strike? For the Russian occupiers in Ukraine, this is not something special. They destroyed 256 churches on our land. And if so many churches alone have been destroyed, imagine the number of houses. Thousands and thousands of high-rise buildings were destroyed by Russian shelling, tens of thousands of private houses. Villages and cities burned to the ground by the occupier - dozens of such villages and cities - this is what Ukraine is experiencing. Mexico protects the peaceful coexistence of peoples and seeks stability for every nation, seeks security. And therefore, I am sure, your people will understand us - and they will understand Ukraine. I’m asking you to try to look at the world through the eyes of a woman, through the eyes of a mother who left her two-year-old child at home with her husband... She went to a neighboring house for a short time. And it was at this time that Russian missiles hit her house, an ordinary apartment building in one of the Ukrainian cities. This woman sees that there is nothing left where her apartment, her husband, her child were. A Russian missile destroyed the entire floor where this family lived. Unfortunately, the child died... How will the mother go on with her life? As well as the relatives of four hundred and seventy children killed since the beginning of the Russian aggression. And this is only what we can officially confirm. We can see on satellite images, we know from intelligence sources what is happening in the territory that is still occupied by Russia: how much the area of cemeteries has increased there, how many spontaneous burials have appeared there... Tens of thousands of graves! Those Ukrainians who were killed when the Russian army was advancing, and those who were killed during the occupation. All these people could be alive... If Russia had not started this war! It is a man-made evil that sows death in the same way as the most violent elements, in the same way as terrible earthquakes. Every day our people hear a siren as a warning about Russian strikes... It is scary when nations are bonded by this knowledge - knowledge about the state of such a threat to life. I want to be completely frank with you now. Unfortunately, the world is still full of hypocrisy. Russia says it allegedly wants peace, although these Russian murderers still remain on our land and take the lives of our people every day... Various large corporations, transnational businesses still want to earn billions from trade with Russia, and therefore, in addition to the propaganda spread by Russia itself, the information space is also filled with artificial doubts about whether it is worth fighting against the evil that this state brings. There are some leaders who were not in Ukraine during this war and did not see what Russian aggression brought here and why it is important to protect life, yet simply for the sake of populism they say something as if Ukraine is not willing to move towards peace... They are trying to involve your leaders in this destructive vision of the situation as well... More than 5 months ago, I presented the Ukrainian Peace Formula. It happened at the G20 Summit in Indonesia. The Formula is an expression of our experience, which we have gained in protecting life, fighting for a diplomatic solution. How does Russia respond to the Peace Formula? Shelling, assaults, murders. But the world and our striving for peace are stronger than any aggressor! The Ukrainian Peace Formula is addressed primarily to the world - and this is its strength. It is addressed to everyone who can participate in the implementation of specific points of the Formula and become a co-creator of the victory over evil - a co-creator of peace. Now, when Russia feels its weakening and the approach of its defeat on the battlefield, Moscow is again trying to deceive the world with its hypocrisy and gain time to regroup, find new weapons, continue aggression. This cannot be allowed. Peace must become irreplaceable. That is why evil must lose. That is why we turn to the world for support. That is why we call on all conscientious states to join global efforts to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula. And I invite you to choose which clause of the Peace Formula allows Mexico to show leadership! Ukraine has already proposed to the Latin American community to convene a special summit and speak unitedly in defense of the globally important principles of territorial integrity, peace and respect between peoples, and the sovereignty of nations. I believe, with the help of Mexico, it can happen much faster! Ladies and Gentlemen! People of Mexico! Thank you for the fact that your country helps protect the rules-based international order. Your vote in the UN General Assembly and at other international platforms is extremely important - a vote in defense of the principles and goals of the UN Charter, and therefore in defense of the territorial integrity of Ukraine and all the nations of the world. Thank you for your humanitarian support for Ukraine, for the treatment and rehabilitation programs for our people who were injured as a result of Russian aggression, and for your respect for the Ukrainian community in Mexico. Please continue to defend the principles, conventions and treaties that underpin international order and global stability. Bandits and aggressors should be recognized as bandits and aggressors. And anyone who turns life into a target should receive fair sentences... No matter what continent or country it is. That is why, by the way, we are working on the creation of a Tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine and helping the International Criminal Court, which issued an arrest warrant for the Russian dictator in the case of mass and systematic abduction of Ukrainian children to Russian territory. Is it too much to seek justice? It is as natural as protecting life. No one in the world has the right to stand higher than human life. No one in the world has the right to destroy peace. No one in the world should be "more equal" than international law. I am sure that Ukraine and Mexico share an absolute solidarity in this. I sincerely wish you peace! I invite you to work together for the safety of our nations and the safety of the world as a whole! Thank you for your attention! La patria es primero! Слава Україні! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine