5 captures 16 Jul 2022 - 18 Jul 2024 Jun JUL Aug 16 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220716082125/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-proviv-zustrich-z-verhovnim-komisarom-oon-u-spr-76353 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will come to the day when Russian terror will become impossible, but for this we still need to fight – address of President of Ukraine 15 July 2022 - 23:21 View all videos n latest news We will come to the day when Russian terror will become impossible, but for this we still need to fight – address of President of Ukraine 15 July 2022 - 23:19 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Minister of Internal Affairs 15 July 2022 - 21:14 This day once again proved that Russia must be recognized as a terrorist state - address by the President of Ukraine 14 July 2022 - 22:50 Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President at which the plan for the recovery of Ukraine was presented 14 July 2022 - 21:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with Ukrainian defenders and relatives of servicemen awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 14 July 2022 - 15:48 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the UN High Commissioner for Refugees 7 July 2022 - 20:22 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with UN High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi and discussed a wide range of issues related to overcoming the humanitarian consequences of Russian aggression. "Ukraine highly appreciates the coordinating role of the UN Refugee Agency in providing assistance to our forcibly displaced people in the territory of other states due to the ongoing Russian aggression. We hope that the relevant practical assistance will only increase," Ihor Zhovkva noted. He also emphasized the need for the Agency to pay special attention to helping Ukrainian refugees abroad in finding housing, organizing employment and access to key services, including educational ones, in the countries of temporary stay. Ihor Zhovkva and Filippo Grandi discussed in detail the support provided by the UN Refugee Agency to internally displaced persons in Ukraine. Priority was given to helping the most vulnerable groups - women, children, the elderly, and people with disabilities. Special attention was paid during the meeting to the situation of Ukrainian citizens, primarily orphans and children deprived of parental care, who were illegally relocated to the Russian Federation or to the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees confirmed his determination to continue the search for effective solutions to resolve this sensitive issue. Daria Herasymchuk, Commissioner of the President of Ukraine for Rights of Children and Children Rehabilitation, also took part in the meeting. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine