11 captures 10 Jan 2022 - 10 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220215013144/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pokrashennya-epidemichnoyi-situaciyi-v-ukrayini-ta-protidiyu-71769 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Improvement of the epidemic situation in Ukraine and counteraction to the new strain of COVID-19 "Omicron" were discussed at a conference call with the President 29 November 2021 - 15:12 For the fourth week in a row, the dynamics of COVID-19 morbidity rates is improving in Ukraine. However, in a number of countries the spread of a new strain of coronavirus - "Omicron" has been recorded. This was discussed at a conference call chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. According to Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal, as of today there are 421,699 active patients in Ukraine, which is 100,000 less than three weeks ago. Most of the sick are currently in the Odesa and Kherson regions, the best situation is in the Kirovohrad and Donetsk regions. During the meeting it was noted that for the sixth week in a row Ukraine maintains a high level of vaccination - about 1.6-1.7 million vaccinations are carried out every week. The Head of State stressed that the rate of vaccination of Ukrainians should be increased until the majority of the country's population is vaccinated. Considerable attention was paid at the meeting to measures to counteract the possible spread of COVID-19 strain “Omicron” in Ukraine, which causes a more severe course of the disease. The first cases of infection with this strain were recorded in young people, including university students. According to Health Minister Viktor Lyashko, the ministry is already developing measures to prevent Ukrainians from becoming infected with the new strain. Thus, citizens of Ukraine who have visited the countries where Omicron was found - in South Africa, the Republic of Botswana, Zimbabwe, Namibia, Lesotho, Eswatini, Mozambique - must undergo self-isolation after returning home. "We are already urging our citizens to refrain from traveling to countries where a new strain has been detected. It was decided not to allow persons who had been on the territory of certain countries of South Africa for more than 7 days during the last 14 days to enter the territory of Ukraine without undergoing 14 days of self-isolation. In the future, the list of countries may be expanded," said Viktor Lyashko. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that Ukrainian citizens who are currently in these countries should pay more attention to their health, comply with anti-epidemic requirements and immediately contact local medical institutions in case of symptoms. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine