1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309050505/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=67 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: KCSA Head as a vertical of the President must not allow embezzlement of public funds 20 May 2021 - 14:55 The Mayor of Kyiv is also the Head of the Kyiv City State Administration who is appointed by the President, and therefore he must not allow budget embezzlement. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference. Ukraine's plans to end the war in Donbas and return the occupied territories may be subject to an all-Ukrainian referendum - President 20 May 2021 - 14:29 Ukraine's initiatives to end the war in Donbas and return the temporarily occupied territories may be submitted to an all-Ukrainian referendum. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference. With the help of the NSDC sanctions, the President is fulfilling his constitutional duties - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 May 2021 - 14:17 The decision of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine on the application of restrictive measures against certain individuals and legal entities is a tool for the Head of State to fulfill his constitutional duties. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference. Germany and France support Ukraine in achieving peace in Donbas - President 20 May 2021 - 13:40 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that resolving the issue of war and deoccupation of Ukrainian territories remains a priority for him. President of Ukraine: My main goal is a country that is on top 20 May 2021 - 13:23 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy states that as President he strives to build a successful, fair, safe and comfortable country with high social standards and partnerships with other states. He said this at the beginning of a press conference. President of Ukraine and Prime Minister of Estonia signed Joint Statement in support of Ukraine's accession to EU 19 May 2021 - 13:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the Republic of Estonia Kaja Kallas who is on an official visit to our country. President submitted a draft law "On the indigenous peoples of Ukraine" to the Verkhovna Rada as urgent 18 May 2021 - 18:04 This document defines the rights of the indigenous peoples of Ukraine and the peculiarities of their implementation in order to promote the consolidation and development of the Ukrainian nation, as well as the development of ethnic, cultural, linguistic and religious identity of such peoples. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Speaker of the Latvian Saeima discussed the support for Ukraine's European integration aspirations 18 May 2021 - 16:49 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Speaker of the Saeima of the Republic of Latvia Ināra Mūrniece who is on an official visit to Ukraine. President met with the Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia 17 May 2021 - 19:24 The interlocutors discussed ways to intensify bilateral political dialogue and the activities of the High-Level Ukrainian-Georgian Strategic Council. During the conversation, special attention was paid to the practical cooperation between Ukraine and Georgia in the context of deepening relations with the EU and NATO. President discussed the creation of a scientific and educational platform in Ukraine, which will train specialists in the field of new technologies 17 May 2021 - 16:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the concept development for the creation of a national university, which should become an innovative educational space for training specialists in modern technologies. 1 2 ... 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine