2 captures 31 May 2023 - 23 May 2024 Apr MAY Jun 31 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230531185844/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-budut-znyati-sankciyi-z-usih-gromadyan-ukrayi-73125?fbclid=IwAR0a7s1_0dgcFDdJVLaSU7NONYQSMbZHS5Gut-AxYGFwP1ZS6l75155YGQM Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos All 462 days we’ve been fighting for our future, hence, for our children, for their freedom and their destiny - speech by the President of Ukraine at "UA: War. Unsung Lullaby" conference on the occasion of the International Children's Day 31 May 2023 - 13:03 View all videos n latest news In Odesa region, the Head of State visited wounded defenders of Ukraine in the hospital and presented state awards to the military and medical personnel 31 May 2023 - 19:54 In Odesa region, the President introduced the new Head of the RSA and held a meeting on the situation in the region 31 May 2023 - 18:22 Russia kills and injures Ukrainian children, children's lives and destinies are broken or destroyed – Daria Herasymchuk 31 May 2023 - 13:58 All 462 days we’ve been fighting for our future, hence, for our children, for their freedom and their destiny - speech by the President of Ukraine at "UA: War. Unsung Lullaby" conference on the occasion of the International Children's Day 31 May 2023 - 12:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Odesa region 31 May 2023 - 18:33 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of State: Sanctions will be lifted from all citizens of Ukraine who are ready to defend the country in the ranks of the Territorial Defense Forces 24 February 2022 - 13:10 All sanctions will be lifted on Ukrainian citizens who are currently subject to restrictive measures and who are ready to defend the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the state and defend the country in the ranks of the Territorial Defense Forces. This was announced by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a briefing at the Office of the Head of State. "We will lift sanctions by the decision of the National Security and Defense Council on all citizens of Ukraine who are ready to defend our state with weapons in their hands as part of territorial defense," he said. The President emphasized that the future of the Ukrainian people now depends on every citizen of Ukraine. "Everyone who has combat experience and can join the defense of Ukraine must immediately come to the relevant staffing centers of the Ministry of Internal Affairs," said the President. Volodymyr Zelenskyy called the country's economy and the continuation of enterprises' operations another frontline. "Working now is also a serious job, as well as defense in these difficult conditions. Therefore, our future depends on each company, each entrepreneur. Take care of your employees, work for the sake of society, for the good of each of us. People should have all the necessary goods, all the necessary services," he said. The President also assured that the National Bank and the banking system have all the necessary resources to meet the financial needs of the state, its defense, to protect the interests of citizens. Adviser to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podoliak added that a cash withdrawal limit of UAH 100,000 has been introduced. "There were some interruptions a few hours ago with the possibility to pay for goods or services by card. These are all local manifestations of cyberattacks, which are accompanied by military attacks on our industries. In the banking sector, everything is sufficiently controlled," he said. Mykhailo Podoliak also said that the energy sector is operating normally. "Nuclear power plants, hydroelectric power plants operate normally. There is increased security, but it has been strengthened for several weeks. Today, of course, there is additional protection. We don't have any blackouts yet," he said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine