3 captures 20 Oct 2023 - 17 Dec 2025 Sep OCT Nov 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231020191159/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/fundaciya-oleni-zelenskoyi-vidbuduye-dityachij-tvorcho-sport-86497 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos These days, Russian losses are really impressive, and it is exactly the kind of losses of the occupier that Ukraine needs – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 October 2023 - 16:56 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska Foundation to restore children's creative and sports hub in Borodianka 20 October 2023 - 18:13 These days, Russian losses are really impressive, and it is exactly the kind of losses of the occupier that Ukraine needs – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 October 2023 - 16:50 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olaf Scholz discussed defense support, Ukraine's movement towards the EU and the situation in the Middle East 20 October 2023 - 16:26 In Mykolaiv region, the Head of State visited the military hospital where he awarded wounded defenders of Ukraine and medics 20 October 2023 - 16:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska Foundation to restore children's creative and sports hub in Borodianka 20 October 2023 - 18:13 The Olena Zelenska Foundation is starting a project to restore a children's creative and sports hub in Borodianka, Kyiv region. The building was destroyed by Russian forces during the occupation of the town in the spring of 2022. The restoration of the facility is planned to receive $1 million in funding. The funds for construction are being provided by the Temerty Family, which has been collaborating with the First Lady of Ukraine's Foundation since the beginning of the full-scale war. The President's wife, along with her Foundation's team, the director of Ukrainian initiatives of the Temerty Family Foundation, Krystina Waler, and the head of the Kyiv Regional State Administration, Ruslan Kravchenko, visited the site where the children's center used to be located and discussed the initial steps in implementing the joint project. "The Temerty Family from Canada is one of the largest contemporary Ukrainian benefactors because they originate from Ukraine and do not forget their roots. The Temerty Family Foundation was one of the first to join forces with the newly established Olena Zelenska Foundation last year. Our collaboration has allowed us to support and provide the necessary assistance to large foster families who have lost their homes, residents of the occupied territories throughout this year. Now, we have new joint projects, so we will be able to help even more Ukrainians," the First Lady said. The ruined building housed the Borodianka Center for Children and Youth Creativity, the Children and Youth Sports School, and the Children's School of Arts. "Before the full-scale war began, Borodianka was a hub for sports and extracurricular education not only for local children but also for children from neighboring communities. The children's creative center was completely destroyed by the aggressor army. Together with the Temerty Family Foundation, we are investing in the future of our children," Nina Horbachova, the director of the Olena Zelenska Foundation, said. The Temerty Family Foundation has been consistently supporting projects of the Olena Zelenska Foundation. A year ago, the Canadian foundation was one of the first to join in providing humanitarian assistance to residents of the occupied regions of Ukraine. Thanks to the Temerty Family Foundation's contribution of $500,000, the Foundation provided support to residents of the occupied Kharkiv region. This support included the purchase of powerful generators to ensure the uninterrupted operation of hospitals, educational institutions, and critical infrastructure in three districts of the region, as well as the provision of essential items to over 2,000 internally displaced persons. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine