2 captures 20 Aug 2022 - 05 Apr 2025 Jul AUG Sep 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220820033141/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-uspihu-kozhnogo-regionu-miscevi-vibori-ne-mensh-vazhliv-63717 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The restoration of full security at the ZNPP and Enerhodar can begin with the mission to the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant - address by the President of Ukraine 19 August 2022 - 22:46 View all videos n latest news The restoration of full security at the ZNPP and Enerhodar can begin with the mission to the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant - address by the President of Ukraine 19 August 2022 - 22:43 A meeting was held in the President's Office with the chief prosecutor in the case of Slobodan Milošević, at which the establishment of a Special Tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine was discussed 19 August 2022 - 19:29 In the presence of the President, a Memorandum was signed with Eurocities on support for the reconstruction of Ukrainian cities 19 August 2022 - 18:30 Declaring its readiness for negotiations, Russia is trying to buy time to prepare for the continuation of its aggressive policy towards Ukraine - Mykhailo Podolyak 19 August 2022 - 17:16 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with Eurocities representatives 19 August 2022 - 18:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events For the success of each region, local elections are no less important than presidential or parliamentary ones - Volodymyr Zelenskнy at the presentation of the Lviv Region Development Strategy 17 September 2020 - 18:57 During a working trip to the Lviv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the presentation of the Regional Development Strategy until 2027. "The philosophy we offer to each region is based on a fairly simple principle: each region is an indispensable player in a great Ukrainian team. And only together this team can win. And become a strong, modern country," the President said. He stressed that the country starts not from high capital offices, but from the community, village, city. And today the necessary preconditions have been created for the development of the regions: significant powers and funding have been transferred to the local government. "But it is also important that each region understands where it should go. Identify priorities and competitive advantages that need to be developed. In fact, strategies for the development of Ukrainian regions have been created for this purpose,” the Head of State said. In addition, it is very important that local residents actively cooperate with the central government to find and implement good ideas. "That is why I want to ask the residents of each region to have a responsible attitude to the local elections, which will be held on October 25. They are no less important for the success of each region than presidential or parliamentary ones,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. According to the President, the Lviv region has some of the best starting positions and a high concentration of promising industries. "You and I cannot say unequivocally that the Lviv region is, for example, a tourist region. Either an agrarian region or a powerful industrial region. The uniqueness of the region lies in the diversity of its potential. There are not many regions where there can be incredible castles and cathedrals, modern IT offices and powerful scientific institutions, fertile fields and coal mines, oil and gas fields, picturesque landscapes of the Carpathians and sanatoria with useful mineral springs. And this is by no means a complete list of those areas that can make the Lviv region as successful and prosperous as possible," the Head of State said. The President wished the Lviv region prosperity and welfare. ph Working trip to the Lviv region 17 September 2020 - 12:09 ph Working trip to the Lviv region 17 September 2020 - 12:09 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine