1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024553/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=20 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Every result of Ukraine is the education of a particular Ukrainian - Volodymyr Zelenskyy's speech on the occasion of the 125th anniversary of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 31 August 2023 - 20:06 For justice to be served, someone's knowledge, knowledge itself, must work. And the knowledge must work for the result. Ihor Zhovkva: More than 70 countries share the Ukrainian philosophy of the Peace Formula already 31 August 2023 - 19:41 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with a delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Sweden. Andrii Sybiha met with UNDP Resident Representative in Ukraine 31 August 2023 - 14:01 The interlocutors discussed in detail the main areas of UNDP's activities in Ukraine, including programs to support veterans and internally displaced persons, rebuilding the energy sector based on energy efficiency, restoring schools and hospitals damaged by Russian attacks, humanitarian demining, anti-corruption initiatives and support for small businesses in Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of BAE Systems 31 August 2023 - 10:01 As a result of the meeting, the Ministry of Strategic Industries of Ukraine and BAE Systems signed a Cooperation Agreement on the localization of BAE Systems arms production in the presence of the President of Ukraine and the CEO of BAE Systems. No queues: MMCs' work digitalization is of great importance - address by the President of Ukraine 30 August 2023 - 22:37 Government officials will complete this digitalization work. And we need full accessibility in all areas of the civilian medical system for the purpose of undergoing the MMC's examination. Andriy Yermak held the seventh meeting with representatives of foreign diplomatic missions on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula dedicated to food security 30 August 2023 - 17:35 The seventh meeting of this format, attended by more than 70 representatives of foreign countries, was dedicated to the Food Security clause of the Formula and took place at the premises of a bread producer in Kyiv region. Andrii Sybiha met with Canadian MPs 30 August 2023 - 11:55 The Deputy Head of the Office of the President briefed the interlocutors on the situation on the frontline and emphasized the priority of further strengthening the Ukrainian air defense system before the winter period, in particular to protect energy infrastructure. It is a duty to be worthy of the path Ukraine is on - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 August 2023 - 22:07 Ukraine must prevail. This is the main thing for everyone. So that we do not have to look away from the photos of the warriors on the Wall of Remembrance and other memorials. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed the implementation of the Peace Formula, security guarantees for Ukraine and the functioning of the "grain corridor" with the Prime Minister of Japan 29 August 2023 - 15:37 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida. President on the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine: There are no words to describe the strength, greatness and self-sacrifice of a hero who remains forever in battle for his people to preserve freedom and emerge victorious 29 August 2023 - 13:49 On the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the warriors fallen in the Russian-Ukrainian war. Volodymyr Zelenskyy handed over the Gold Star Orders to family members of Ukrainian defenders who were posthumously awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine. 1 2 ... 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine