6 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 12 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233230/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-zustrilasya-z-vice-prezidentom-yevropejskoyi-83617 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska met with Vice-President of the European Commission Margaritis Schinas 15 June 2023 - 20:21 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, together with Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva, met with Vice-President of the European Commission for Promoting our European Way of Life Margaritis Schinas. The parties discussed joint key areas of work. These include education, healthcare and cultural space. The President's wife thanked Margaritis Skhinas for supporting Ukraine and for his personal visit to Kyiv - it is the third time he has visited our country since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion. "Your visits demonstrate your commitment to the urgent priority of protecting the European way of life not only within the EU, but also in Ukraine, where people are forced to pay with their lives every day for choosing European values," Olena Zelenska emphasized. The interlocutors discussed cooperation in healthcare, education and protection of Ukrainian IDPs. These areas are a priority in the work of the Vice-President of the European Commission. Among other things, they discussed the mental health program initiated by the First Lady of Ukraine last year. "At present, thousands of people who can provide first-line treatment (both from the public and non-governmental sectors) are trained in accordance with WHO interventions. However, this is less than 10% of all professionals, so I would suggest considering the possibility of attracting the expertise of specialists from the European Union and scaling up training. A special area of interest is assistance to traumatized children and adolescents," the President's wife noted. She informed the guest about the activities of the Olena Zelenska Foundation. These include the construction of shelters for Ukrainian schools and the provision of laptops to pupils and teachers for distance learning. "Due to the constant shelling, 2.7 million schoolchildren in 2023 were unable to study full-time, and distance education has become a challenge for many families and teachers. But education in Ukraine should be accessible to all. Therefore, my foundation strives to provide Ukrainian pupils and teachers with everything they need for safe and comfortable learning. Children have always been and will be a priority for the Foundation," the President's wife said. In total, in 2022-2023, 38,856 Ukrainian teachers from 12 regions received laptops with software as part of the Olena Zelenska Foundation project. Thanks to the support of the Embassy of Ukraine in the Republic of Korea, 500 schoolchildren were provided with laptops. After a meeting with the First Lady, UAE Minister of Climate Change and Environment Mariam Almheiri announced the donation of another 2,500 laptops to the Foundation, which will be sent to Ukraine in the near future. "Together with our friends, we hope to make education and healthcare of the highest quality and accessible to Ukrainians, no matter where they are," Olena Zelenska emphasized. The parties also discussed Ukraine's progress on the path to EU membership. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva thanked the Vice-President of the European Commission for the comprehensive support for our country in this direction. "Ukraine is persistently moving towards the adaptation of EU law and completion of the implementation of the European Commission's recommendations necessary for membership. We look forward to a positive interim assessment of Ukraine's progress on the way to the EU and the launch of the negotiation process by the end of the year, for which Ukraine is already actively preparing," the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine