1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032148/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=38 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the state of Utah 6 May 2023 - 19:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the delegation of the American state of Utah, led by President of the State Senate Stuart Adams. The delegation also included representatives of business and charitable organizations. President at the Infantry Day celebrations: No matter what our enemy does, Ukrainian infantrymen are stronger, our time is the time for victory 6 May 2023 - 17:23 The President noted that he is honored to congratulate them on Infantry Day, as well as honored to represent our warriors in relations with the world on a daily basis. President holds meeting with world's largest investment company on creation of fund for rebuilding Ukraine 5 May 2023 - 22:08 At the meeting, Ukraine's Ministry of Economy signed an agreement with BlackRock Financial Market Advisory on providing support services to the Ukraine Development Fund. President meets with delegation of Venice Commission 5 May 2023 - 21:01 At the meeting, the issue of preparation and implementation of legislation related to the procedures for selecting candidates for the post of judge of the Constitutional Court of Ukraine was discussed. President of Ukraine meets with delegation of representatives of U.S. Congress 5 May 2023 - 19:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a bipartisan delegation of the House of Representatives of the United States, consisting of Chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission Joe Wilson, Congressman Steve Cohen, and Congresswoman Victoria Spartz. The delegation also included the permanent representative of the United States to the OSCE, Michael Carpenter. Over the year, the United24 fundraising platform raised more than $325 million in contributions 5 May 2023 - 16:40 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy summed up the results of the year of operation of the United24 fundraising platform, which was launched on May 5, 2022. During this time, the NBU has received more than USD 325 million in contributions from international companies, Ukrainian businesses, charitable organizations, world celebrities, and donors from 110 countries. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Bahrain 5 May 2023 - 13:27 The President thanked the Kingdom of Bahrain for its unwavering support of the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine amid countering full-scale Russian aggression, which was repeatedly demonstrated in the course of voting for the relevant resolutions of the UN General Assembly. At the Dutch Air Force base, Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Ukrainian military and observed the samples of weapons being transferred to Ukraine 4 May 2023 - 20:57 According to the Head of State, the weapons from this base, which help Ukrainian defenders, will protect the normal, free life of Ukrainians and all Europeans based on respect. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Our task today is to provide the army with weapons, the second aspect is NATO and European integration 4 May 2023 - 19:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that the main purpose of his foreign visits, in particular to the Netherlands and Finland, is to ensure the prompt provision of the necessary weapons to the Ukrainian army to repel Russian aggression and liberate all Ukrainian lands. Ukraine – the Netherlands Declaration on accountability for Ukraine 4 May 2023 - 18:51 We, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime-Minister Mark Rutte, have come together in The Hague on the 4th of May, the day the Kingdom of the Netherlands commemorates its victims during the Second World War or anywhere else in the world in situations of war or during peacekeeping operations since then. 1 2 ... 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine