7 captures 18 Feb 2024 - 07 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 18 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240218030357/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-u-myunheni-proviv-zustrich-chleniv-mizhnarodno-89085 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Do not ask Ukraine when the war will end. Ask yourself – why Putin is still able to continue it – speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Munich Security Conference 17 February 2024 - 12:58 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the International Task Force on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine in Munich 17 February 2024 - 23:20 President met with the President of the Czech Republic in Munich 17 February 2024 - 22:01 President of Ukraine had a phone call with U.S. President Joseph Biden 17 February 2024 - 21:52 In Munich, the Head of State met with the delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives 17 February 2024 - 21:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's participation in the 60th Munich Security Conference 17 February 2024 - 13:53 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the International Task Force on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine in Munich 17 February 2024 - 23:20 On the sidelines of the Munich Security Conference, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and NATO Secretary General in 2009-2014 Anders Fogh Rasmussen held a meeting of the International Task Force on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine. The event was also attended by former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, former Swedish Prime Minister Carl Bildt, co-chair of the Alliance 90/The Greens Omid Nouripour (Germany), and former U.S. Special Representative for Ukraine Kurt Volker. Andriy Yermak noted that Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine was a direct consequence of the fact that our country was not allowed to join NATO over the past two decades. "Ukraine needs NATO, but the Alliance also needs Ukraine. And it needs it as soon as possible. Uncertainty on this issue will allow Russia to justify the continuation of the war. Inviting Ukraine would be a signal of determination from NATO allies. It would send a strong signal to Putin that the threat of further military aggression will not prevent Ukraine from joining NATO. This would remove the main justification for Russia to continue the war," he said. The Head of the Presidential Office noted that Russia's invasion of Ukraine is part of Moscow's broader strategy to undermine the European security order. "Success in Ukraine will inspire Putin to further aggression. Impunity breeds new crimes," added Andriy Yermak. At the same time, he said, our country has demonstrated on the battlefield that it can be a valuable asset to the collective security system. The Armed Forces of Ukraine have gained unique combat experience, and the Ukrainian defense industry has great potential and is developing rapidly. According to him, helping Ukraine defend itself and prevent further aggression contributes to strengthening European security in general, which is why the International Task Force on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine was established on the instructions of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Speaking to the media after the meeting of the International Task Force in Munich, Andriy Yermak noted that the Kyiv Security Compact developed by the previous Task Force became the basis for the Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine adopted by the leaders of the G7 at the NATO Summit in Vilnius. In furtherance of these arrangements, our country has already signed three bilateral agreements on security commitments with the United Kingdom, Germany, and France. Work is underway on relevant documents with other countries. The Head of the President's Office expressed his belief that over the past two years, the Ukrainian people have demonstrated that they are capable of winning this war, but partners should support Ukraine and provide the necessary assistance. "Everything that needs to happen must happen in time. This is a historic moment, it will be a historic anniversary summit in Washington. And it is absolutely right, as Mr. Rasmussen said, this is indeed our goal – an invitation to join NATO, because Ukraine needs NATO and NATO needs Ukraine," emphasized Andriy Yermak. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that a sufficient amount of weapons and ammunition should be provided to Ukraine, and our country will defend not only itself, but also peace in Europe. "Because Putin's invasion of Ukraine is only part of his strategy. Rest assured, he already knows his next target. And if someone talks about some kind of aggravation for us, Ukrainians, it sounds a little strange, because the situation in Ukraine, where millions of people live in a state of war, cannot be aggravated further," said Andriy Yermak. Anders Fogh Rasmussen, for his part, added that over the past two years, partners have provided Ukraine with unprecedented assistance and support, including arms supplies, but given Russia's power, this is not enough, and assistance needs to be increased. "We have to do much more. The first step should be the immediate lifting of all restrictions on arms supplies. We must supply the Ukrainians not just with what is needed, but with the maximum amount possible. Germany must provide Taurus missiles, the United States must provide long-range weapons. We must deliver fighter jets, drones, and everything else that Ukrainians need as soon as possible. We have done enough so far for Ukraine to survive. What we must do now is to provide what Ukraine needs to win. This should be a strategy of victory," Anders Fogh Rasmussen is convinced. The former NATO Secretary General added that he believes it is time to invite Ukraine to join NATO, and the International Task Force will work on arguments that will convince the allies. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine