4 captures 24 May 2024 - 22 Jan 2026 Apr MAY Jun 24 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240524171230/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-ukrayini-zustrivsya-iz-zastupnicey-88649 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Protection of Life Must Have All of the Necessary Tools to Truly Defeat Terrorists – Address by the President 23 May 2024 - 21:57 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska: We are Doing Everything We Can to Ensure That Medical Professionals Have What They Need, Both for the Patients and for Their Own Safety 24 May 2024 - 16:25 President Visited the Printing Facility Destroyed by Russian Strike in Kharkiv 24 May 2024 - 15:24 Ihor Zhovkva: Ukraine Has Completed All Four Legislative Steps to Launch EU Accession Negotiations 24 May 2024 - 13:54 Operational situation and preparations for the heating season in the Kharkiv region: President held a meeting in Kharkiv 24 May 2024 - 13:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to Kharkiv 24 May 2024 - 13:19 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs 31 January 2024 - 22:45 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Acting Deputy Secretary of State, Under Secretary for Political Affairs Victoria Nuland, who is on a visit to Kyiv. On behalf of the President of Ukraine, Andriy Yermak thanked the U.S. for its powerful defense and economic assistance and noted that continued comprehensive support is critical to bringing our country's victory closer. "Last year has become record-breaking in terms of the Ukrainian-American relations development. The President of Ukraine and his team are committed to maintaining the high dynamics of bilateral dialogue that strengthens Ukraine's capabilities to effectively combat the aggressor," the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. He briefed on the situation on the front line and the priority needs of the Defense Forces for weapons and military equipment, and emphasized the critical importance of continued defense assistance from the United States. The parties emphasized the importance of the exchange of prisoners of war that took place today. At the same time, Andriy Yermak emphasized that Ukraine is determined to return all warriors who are in enemy captivity. Expectations from the NATO Summit to be held in July 2024 in Washington, D.C., were discussed separately. "The President of Ukraine and our citizens expect that the NATO Summit will properly assess Ukraine's efforts on the path of Euro-Atlantic integration and make historic decisions regarding our country," the Head of the Presidential Office noted. Andriy Yermak informed Victoria Nuland about the creation of the Council for Support of Entrepreneurship under Martial Law and the All-Ukrainian Economic Platform "Made in Ukraine", which are intended to strengthen the dialogue between the Ukrainian government and business. The parties also noted progress in the implementation of reforms in our country and emphasized further priority steps for their implementation. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine