15 captures 17 May 2021 - 26 Jul 2024 Jan FEB Mar 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220223142014/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/litva-pidtrimaye-ukrayinu-na-shlyahu-yevropejskoyi-ta-yevroa-67197 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news Joint statement by the President of Ukraine, the President of the Republic of Lithuania, the President of the Republic of Poland on the Russian Federation’s decision to recognise the so-called “DPR” and “LPR” 23 February 2022 - 15:51 President of Ukraine meets with the Presidents of Lithuania and Poland in Kyiv 23 February 2022 - 13:28 NSDC chaired by Volodymyr Zelenskyy decided to declare a state of emergency 23 February 2022 - 13:08 President of Ukraine initiates a program of economic patriotism 22 February 2022 - 23:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Lithuania will support Ukraine on the path of European and Euro-Atlantic integration - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2021 - 15:48 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the importance of Lithuania's support for Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. He stated this at a joint press conference with Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda following the talks in Kyiv. "Today we coordinated actions to update the Association Agreement and ensure further integration of Ukraine into the European Union. To this end, a very important document was signed - the Declaration on Support for Ukraine's European Prospect. I quote its last sentence: "The Republic of Lithuania will support Ukraine when Ukraine decides to apply for membership in the European Union," the President of Ukraine said. According to him, this is a qualitatively new approach to shaping the agenda of Ukraine's relations with EU countries. "Ukraine in the European Union is not a fantastic, distant dream. This is a strategic, achievable goal, which we want to achieve as soon as possible, forming a broad coalition of European Union countries that, in the good sense of the word, will become lobbyists of Ukraine on this path," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He also stressed the importance of maximizing Ukraine's potential as a NATO partner with enhanced opportunities. "We have signed a Technical Agreement on Ukraine's accession to the NATO Energy Security Centre of Excellence in Vilnius. This is another strengthening of our engagement with the Alliance. Of course, we hope that Lithuania will support our efforts to obtain a NATO Membership Action Plan," the President said. In addition, according to the President of Ukraine, a bilateral Agreement on Cooperation in the Field of Youth Policy and the Cooperation Program of the Ministries of Culture of the two countries for 2021-2025 were signed. In this context, Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed the cooperation for the protection of cultural heritage and common historical memory of Ukraine and Lithuania, as many prominent figures united our countries. "Recently, we marked 560 years since the birth of a prominent Ukrainian, the glorious Prince of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania Kostiantyn Ostrozky. He was buried in the Assumption Cathedral of the Kyiv-Pechersk Lavra, but in 1941, his tombstone was destroyed along with the cathedral. Our states have agreed to do everything necessary to complete the project and restore this monument. I really hope we will do it before the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. For his part, Gitanas Nausėda noted that Lithuania supports Ukraine's progress on the path to the European Union and our country's cooperation with NATO. "We welcome reforms in Ukraine," he added. He also said that the Republic of Lithuania is seeking the introduction of a solidarity mechanism for the distribution of the COVID-19 vaccine between the Eastern Partnership countries. The President of Lithuania also added that he is looking forward to visiting historical sites in Kyiv, where the tomb of Kostiantyn Ostrozky will be restored. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the President of the Republic of Lithuania 18 March 2021 - 12:41 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the President of the Republic of Lithuania 18 March 2021 - 12:41 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine