10 captures 15 Jun 2022 - 09 Oct 2025 May JUN Jul 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220615143225/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/korolivstvo-daniya-pidtrimuye-yevrointegracijnij-ruh-ukrayin-75817 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine to both houses of the Parliament of the Czech Republic 15 June 2022 - 15:29 View all videos n latest news Address by the President of Ukraine to both houses of the Parliament of the Czech Republic 15 June 2022 - 15:23 The Kingdom of Denmark supports the European integration movement of Ukraine - Ihor Zhovkva 15 June 2022 - 09:19 Even though Russia has fewer and fewer modern missiles, Ukraine's need for anti-missile systems remains - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 June 2022 - 22:29 Ukraine will win if Europe and the world continue to be united - President 14 June 2022 - 17:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 11 June 2022 - 16:20 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The Kingdom of Denmark supports the European integration movement of Ukraine - Ihor Zhovkva 15 June 2022 - 09:19 During a working visit to Denmark, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with senior political leadership and government officials. During the negotiations with Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Denmark Mette Frederiksen, Ihor Zhovkva expressed gratitude from President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy for a strong support for our state in resisting full-scale armed aggression. Emphasis was placed on the importance of Copenhagen's support for granting Ukraine candidate status at the forthcoming European Council meeting at the level of EU member states leaders. "We hope that next week, during the European Council meeting in Brussels, the Kingdom of Denmark will support granting our country the long cherished status of a candidate for EU membership. This is a decision that the citizens of Ukraine deserve, as they are now paying the highest price, defending European values," Ihor Zhovkva stressed. The issue of implementing our country's European integration strategy was the focus of Ihor Zhovkva's meeting with Chairman of the Danish Foreign Policy Committee Martin Lidegaard, members of the Foreign Policy Committee, as well as parliamentary committees on foreign policy and European policy. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President expressed hope that after the positive conclusion of the European Commission, the relevant decision on granting our country the status of a candidate country for EU accession will be made in June by the leaders of the member states. "Giving Ukraine candidate status is only the first step on the path to full EU membership. Accordingly, we hope that the leaders of the European Union will make such an important political decision that will allow us to fix the strategic movement of our country towards the European Union," he said. During the meeting with Minister of Defence of Denmark Morten Bødskov, cooperation in the military-technical field was discussed. The Deputy Head of the President's Office thanked the Danish side for important military assistance, especially the transfer of Harpoon-type missiles, and expressed hope that Denmark would continue its efforts to strengthen resistance to Russian military aggression. During the meeting with Permanent Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs Jeppe Tranholm-Mikkelsen, the issues of practical implementation of Ukraine's European integration strategy and the possibility of using Denmark's advisory and other practical assistance were discussed. Ihor Zhovkva and Jeppe Tranholm-Mikkelsen also exchanged views on the prospects of deepening Ukraine's integration into the EU internal market, which will allow for the gradual recovery of the domestic economy. During the meeting with the Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs of the Kingdom of Denmark Simon Kollerup, the main focus was on the prospects of involving Denmark in the post-war reconstruction of destroyed facilities in the regions of our country. Ihor Zhovkva thanked Denmark for sending free construction equipment to Ukraine - excavators, loaders, trucks, which are already working for the needs of our country: “I would like to express words of sincere gratitude to Denmark for the leadership in restoring and rebuilding the territories of Ukraine that suffered destruction as a result of Russia’s aggression. We appreciate that Denmark was one of the first to respond to the initiative of the President of Ukraine on patronage by international partners and will be involved in the restoration of the city of Mykolaiv." Issues of financial, humanitarian, expert and other practical assistance for the needs of Ukraine were discussed in detail during Ihor Zhovkva's meetings with Danish State Secretary for Development Policy of Danish MFA Lotte Machon and Deputy Director General at The Confederation of Danish Industry Thomas Bustrup. Together with Copenhagen's Deputy Mayor for Employment and Integration Jens-Kristian Lütken, Ihor Zhovkva visited the Center for Ukrainian Displaced Persons in the Danish capital. "I sincerely thank the Danish people, the Danish government and the Copenhagen city authorities for their support for the temporarily displaced citizens of Ukraine. This is a testament to your country's solidarity with Ukrainians who have suffered from Russia's war and war crimes," said the Deputy Head of the President's Office. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine