7 captures 09 Nov 2022 - 14 Jan 2025 Oct NOV Dec 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221109222823/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vzyala-uchast-u-vidkritti-centru-dopomogi-vry-79049 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are doing everything to ensure that the Russian plan to turn winter into a weapon fails - address by the President of Ukraine 8 November 2022 - 23:06 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska takes part in opening of Survivor Relief Centre in Kyiv 9 November 2022 - 19:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds regular meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief 9 November 2022 - 17:24 Roman Mashovets holds meeting with diplomats of Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Hungary 9 November 2022 - 16:34 Ukrainian and global human rights organizations should receive operational information about human rights violations by the Russian aggressor - Andriy Yermak 9 November 2022 - 13:31 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Railway Worker 4 November 2022 - 15:20 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska takes part in opening of Survivor Relief Centre in Kyiv 9 November 2022 - 19:31 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the opening of the Survivor Relief Centre in Kyiv. These centres are public institutions created on the initiative of the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister for European and Euro-Atlantic Integration, with the assistance of the government commissioner for gender equality policy and with the support of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) and local authorities. Here, people who have left the zone of active hostilities, temporarily occupied territories, can receive comprehensive social and psychological support. In general, assistance is provided to all who apply to the centres: displaced persons, local residents, etc. "Absolutely everyone should receive help. And this help should be centralized and uninterrupted, easy of access and humane. It is the kind that the assistance centres provide to the victims," the First Lady said. Each of the centres has social workers, psychologists, including children's psychologists, and lawyers. The centres also employ case managers to ensure victims have access to comprehensive specialized care, particularly in the case of war-related violence. To all clients, the centres provide primary psychological counseling to normalize the psycho-emotional state, consultations of social workers on the rights of IDPs and available support for them (humanitarian aid, information on centres for support of internally displaced persons with accommodation, settlement, etc.), consultations of lawyers employed in the free legal aid system. In case of detection of cases of violence, they provide specialized social and psychological counseling. "Our goal is for all Ukrainians who suffered due to the war to know that they are not left alone with their grief and that there is someone to take care of them," the author of the initiative, Deputy Prime Minister for European and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine Olha Stefanishyna said. The centre in Kyiv became the fourth in Ukraine: institutions are already operating in Zaporizhzhia, Dnipro and Lviv (see Contact information). It is planned to open such centres not only in Ukraine, but also abroad. "Many of our compatriots, who also experienced suffering, violence, who fled under shelling, they also need help. For the development of the network of centres, important work is done by our partners, such as UNFPA, for which we are grateful to them," Olena Zelenska, with whose support the project is being implemented, said. As UNFPA Representative in Ukraine Jaime Nadal said, the opening of the Centre will contribute to the expansion of assistance to Ukrainian women and girls in the conditions of war. UNFPA supports the development of a comprehensive system of assistance to people who have faced violence in Ukraine. Such a system consists of shelters, a call centre, crisis rooms, non-residential counselling centres, as well as mobile teams of social and psychological assistance. Mobile teams work in the most remote and hard-to-reach places, as well as where services have been destroyed. For the needs of these teams, UNFPA will provide 75 vehicles, 15 of which will be equipped according to the needs of people with various types of disabilities. "Thanks to the new Survivor Relief Centre and new vehicles for mobile teams of social and psychological assistance, we are significantly expanding the support we provide to women and girls affected by the war in Ukraine," he said. Everyone who needs help or consultation can contact the Centre. Address: Kyiv, 6A, Raiduzhna Street. Opening hours: Monday - Friday - from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Saturday - from 9:00 to 15:00. For additional questions, please call: +38 (066) 170 48 90. Contact information. Survivor Relief Centres also operate in the following cities: Zaporizhzhia, Kozak-Palace exhibition center, 70B, Peremohy Street; opening hours: Monday - Saturday, from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.; for additional questions, please call: +38 (050) 463 16 29. Lviv, Lviv Palace of Arts, 17, Nicholas Copernicus Street; opening hours: Monday - Friday, from 10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.; for additional questions, please call: +38 (067) 600 32 69, +38 (050) 777 22 19. Dnipro, 21, Krutohirny Uzviz, DCCC Contemporary Art Center; opening hours Monday - Friday, from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.; for additional questions, please call: +38 (099) 245 21 21. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine