1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221600/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – During the meeting in Jeddah, Andriy Yermak held a series of bilateral talks on ensuring Ukraine's defense capability and implementation of the Peace Formula 6 August 2023 - 22:28 In Saudi Arabia, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak continued bilateral talks with the heads of delegations who arrived in Jeddah to participate in a meeting on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. Andriy Yermak discussed topical issues of bilateral relations with the participants of the meeting on the implementation of the Peace Formula 6 August 2023 - 19:54 In the framework of the meeting on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, which took place on August 5-6 in Jeddah (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia) at the level of national security and foreign policy advisors, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the heads of more than 30 delegations. International consultations on key principles of peace for Ukraine took place in Jeddah 6 August 2023 - 13:07 On the instructions of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Ukrainian delegation to Jeddah was headed by Andriy Yermak, Head of the Presidential Office. Ukraine has started negotiations with the US on bilateral agreement on security commitments 3 August 2023 - 22:48 These security commitments will reinforce Ukraine’s progress towards future membership in the Euro-Atlantic community, including the EU and NATO, which is the ultimate goal and the most reliable guarantee of security. Russia cannot exist in its current form, and one should not try to artificially prolong the existence of Putin's regime - Mykhailo Podolyak 1 August 2023 - 20:24 Recent events in Russia show that it can no longer exist in its current form, and the international community should not be afraid of the replacement of Putin's regime. This opinion was expressed by Mykhailo Podolyak, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, in an interview with the Atlantic Council's UkraineAlert. NATO membership is the best possible guarantee of security for Ukraine - Ihor Zhovkva 1 August 2023 - 16:46 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held an online conversation with the newly appointed Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister of Norway, Director of the International Department of the Prime Minister's Office Kjersti Andersen, for whom it was the first international conversation in her new position. Andriy Yermak held a conversation with the National Security Advisor of the Republic of India 1 August 2023 - 14:26 On behalf of the Head of State, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor of the Republic of India Ajit Kumar Doval. Andriy Yermak: Next week, Ukraine will start negotiations with the United States on a bilateral agreement on security guarantees 30 July 2023 - 18:39 Andriy Yermak emphasized that Ukraine's membership in NATO is the most reliable guarantee of security, but while the war is ongoing in our country and we cannot join the Alliance, the Ukrainian state must secure reliable guarantees for the transition period. The next meeting of advisors to state leaders on the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula will be held in Saudi Arabia shortly - Andriy Yermak 30 July 2023 - 17:59 According to him, each point of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula is currently being discussed individually and in groups with representatives of more than 50 countries on an almost weekly basis. For Russia's leadership grain is a strategic weapon at the current stage of aggression against Ukraine – President's advisor Oleg Ustenko and Professor Simon Johnson 29 July 2023 - 21:56 In pulling out of the Black Sea Grain Initiative, which made it possible to export Ukrainian agricultural products to the most vulnerable countries in the world, and attacking the port of Odesa, the Russian Federation is setting the stage for a global food crisis. This is stated in a joint article by Oleg Ustenko, an economic advisor to the President of Ukraine, and Simon Johnson, Professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management, former chief economist of the IMF, for the American newspaper Los Angeles Times. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine