5 captures 13 Oct 2022 - 18 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 13 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221013193435/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chervonij-hrest-maye-diyati-potuzhnishe-v-pitanni-dostupu-do-78457 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by the President of Ukraine at the autumn plenary session of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe 13 October 2022 - 16:16 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak: Ukraine gives the ICRC three days to send a mission to the colony in Olenivka, where Ukrainian prisoners of war are held 13 October 2022 - 19:45 If Europe wants to get rid of pressure from Russia, it is necessary to end the war in Ukraine in a fair way - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with elDiario 13 October 2022 - 18:46 The first important steps have been taken to protect the Ukrainian sky, and Ukraine expects the intensification of this process from its partners - President at the PACE session 13 October 2022 - 16:48 To return to the system of international justice, it is necessary to bring the Russian aggressor to justice - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the PACE autumn session 13 October 2022 - 16:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to Poland 5 October 2022 - 12:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Red Cross should act more powerfully in the issue of access to prisoners in Russia and in the occupied territories - President of Ukraine at the PACE autumn session 13 October 2022 - 16:23 The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) must show more persistence and act more powerfully in the issue of gaining access to prisoners in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine and in the Russian Federation. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his participation in the PACE plenary autumn session. "We Ukrainians cannot fight for the Red Cross to find an opportunity. The Red Cross has to fight because it's their job, because they get paid for it, because the whole world is watching them. They should put pressure on Russia to get there (to the places of detention of prisoners - ed.)," the Head of State said. The President noted that the conditions of detention of civilian and military prisoners in Russia-controlled territories are a priority humanitarian issue, and this became obvious to the whole world after the terrorist attack in Olenivka, when more than 50 prisoners were blown up. "And here the main issue is the access of the Red Cross. I would like to address you and, on your honorable platform, address the representatives and leadership of the Red Cross: they must have access to the prisoners," said the Head of State. However, as stated by Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the ICRC has not demonstrated effectiveness in the issue of access to Ukrainian prisoners since the very beginning of Russian aggression against Ukraine in 2014. "This has been the case since the beginning of the occupation of our Crimea and Donbas - there was no access to our prisoners. The Red Cross cannot get there. This has been the case for eight years. And now, when thousands of our prisoners are in the temporarily occupied parts of Donbas after the full-scale invasion, where they are being tortured - we know that - and whatever is being done to them, the Red Cross also has no access," he said. The President expressed his conviction that the ICRC should put more pressure on the Russian authorities, in particular in the public space, in order to gain access to all prisoners. "I don't see their constant appearances in the media, pressure on Russia, speeches at the UN General Assembly. I don't see this media, information, any kind of pressure," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. According to him, Ukraine, on its part, with the help of various mechanisms, organizations and partner countries, is doing everything possible to release prisoners and exchange military personnel. He noted the help of the UN and Secretary-General of the Organization António Guterres, Türkiye, which helped free the defenders of Azovstal, and partners from Saudi Arabia, which contributed to the release of captured citizens of the United States, Great Britain, Sweden and Croatia. "I believe that we should all be involved. I believe that the Red Cross should act more powerfully," said the President. In the context of humanitarian support for Ukraine, the Head of State also thanked the partner countries for the medical aid. In particular, he expressed gratitude to France, which from the very beginning of the full-scale war contributed to the evacuation of children with cancer. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated: Ukraine's medical infrastructure has shown itself well during the fight against COVID, but it is very difficult to cope with the huge challenges that have arisen due to the full-scale invasion of Russia. Therefore, our state needs further assistance, particularly in the medical field. "There is a large number of wounded, and therefore we will definitely need such help. We can't talk about the details right now because everything is needed. There are special hospitals that are deployed in the de-occupied territories, there are also mobile hospitals, hospitals that are deployed at the front. There is separate support for rehabilitation programs. That is, there is a lot to help with. And if there is a desire, we will be grateful," the Head of State summarized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine