8 captures 09 Dec 2019 - 17 Jun 2025 Oct NOV Dec 15 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231115060429/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ochikuyemo-sho-obsyag-torgivli-mizh-ukrayinoyu-ta-litvoyu-pe-58633 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Each of our warriors holding positions near Avdiivka deserves our utmost gratitude – address by the President of Ukraine 14 November 2023 - 22:21 View all videos n latest news Each of our warriors holding positions near Avdiivka deserves our utmost gratitude – address by the President of Ukraine 14 November 2023 - 22:19 Roman Mashovets met with the leadership of the American medical corporation Northwell Health 14 November 2023 - 21:25 In the United States, Andriy Yermak met with leading American experts and opinion leaders 14 November 2023 - 20:05 Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Deputy Director General of the National Security Council of the Republic of the Philippines 14 November 2023 - 14:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We expect trade between Ukraine and Lithuania to exceed record indicators of the previous year - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 November 2019 - 15:43 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted strong economic ties between Ukraine and Lithuania and expressed hope that the volume of bilateral trade this year would exceed record indicators of the previous year. Speaking at the opening of the Fifth Ukrainian-Lithuanian Economic Forum in Vilnius, the Head of State thanked the organizers for holding the event and stressed that it was important for him to meet with businessmen and exchange views on how politicians and government officials can improve cooperation between the two countries in trade, economic and investment areas. “Ukraine and Lithuania are linked by long-standing economic ties. Their roots go back to the times of the trade route "from the Varangians to the Greeks" and even deeper. Trade ties between our people have never been broken, have always been actively developed and have taken on new qualitative forms,” the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that the Lithuanian entrepreneurs' considerable experience in cooperation with leading European companies and successful adaptation to European standards would allow to jointly increase profitable economic relations and enter the markets of other countries. “We expect the volume of our bilateral trade in goods and services to exceed last year's record. As my colleague said, $ 2 billion will be better,” the President said. The President urged Lithuanian business to invest in Ukraine. “I want to address the representatives of Lithuanian companies present in this hall: today Ukraine is a good place for investment. It is a pleasure that Lithuanian companies not only stayed on the Ukrainian market in recent years, but also continued to develop their investment projects,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. "This confirms once again that we are committed to joint further development and have considerable potential for the implementation of new projects," Volodymyr Zelenskyy added. The President called it symbolic that on November 27, the second Lithuanian solar power plant was opened in the Ivano-Frankivsk region. «Invest in Ukraine! We hope that the Forum will result in new ideas and mutually beneficial ties between enterprises, companies and individual regions of Ukraine and Lithuania,” the Head of State concluded. ph Official visit to Lithuania 27 November 2019 - 12:03 ph Official visit to Lithuania 27 November 2019 - 12:03 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine