2 captures 04 Oct 2023 - 27 Jan 2024 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013230/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chehiya-ta-cheskij-narod-ne-prosto-partneri-spravzhni-druzi-84153 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The Czech Republic and the Czech people are not just partners, but true friends and brothers of Ukraine - Andriy Yermak in an exclusive interview with Czech radio during a visit to Prague 7 July 2023 - 15:34 During the official visit of the Ukrainian delegation headed by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Czech Republic, the Head of the Presidential Office gave an exclusive interview to the largest public radio broadcaster in the Czech Republic, Český Rozhlas. First of all, Andriy Yermak noted that the Czech Republic is a true friend of Ukraine, which has been actively supporting our country since the first days of the full-scale Russian invasion. "This visit is extremely important for us. President Zelenskyy and the entire team came to Prague to first of all personally express gratitude to your President, Prime Minister, government, speaker and members of parliament, as well as to all Czech people for everything that has been done in favor of Ukraine in these extremely difficult days for our country. Ukraine and the Czech Republic have always maintained friendly relations, but it was during the war that they reached their highest, historic level. After all, you share the values that our country is fighting for today, such as freedom, independence, and democracy. And this is very important to us. We will definitely win. And it will be a joint victory," the Head of the Presidential Office said. In the context of the Ukrainian delegation's visit to Prague on the eve of the NATO Summit in Vilnius, Andriy Yermak noted that he had once again seen the Czech Republic's unwavering position on Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic aspirations. As for the results of the Summit, the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized: "Ukraine expects a clear signal of membership in the Alliance, as well as security guarantees until the moment of accession.” Regarding the proposals to encourage Ukraine to hold direct peace talks with Russia, Andriy Yermak said: "Since 2018, Ukraine has held more than 180 rounds of peace talks with Russia, including in the Normandy format. Some of them lasted more than 12 hours without a break. Today, we have come to a clear conclusion: the time for mediation is over. An alternative to this process is the Peace Formula proposed by President Zelenskyy, which he presented to the G19 leaders. Successful and constructive consultations with representatives of these countries, as well as the Global South in Copenhagen, confirm the interest in implementing the Ukrainian Peace Formula. We are ready to listen to any proposals from those who respect our independence and territorial integrity." Andriy Yermak thanked the Czech side for its military support. He noted that our countries are in constant communication. In particular, the Czech Republic takes part in military briefings organized monthly by the Office of the President of Ukraine and has the most up-to-date information on events on the battlefield, as well as on current needs for weapons. "Every night, millions of Ukrainians go to bed without the certainty that they will wake up tomorrow alive and unharmed. But our heroic soldiers, using weapons, in particular from our Western partners, are confident of our victory. They are defending Ukrainian citizens," the Head of the Presidential Office said. In conclusion, Andriy Yermak noted that Ukraine is talking to the Czech Republic not only about the war, but also about the future. In particular, about economic cooperation between the two countries in the energy and transportation sectors, the creation of joint ventures in heavy industry, etc. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine