1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072156/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=42 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine held a video conference with representatives of Facebook 27 September 2021 - 22:26 The President suggested considering the possibility of opening a Facebook office in Ukraine. The fight against forged COVID-certificates, the course of vaccination, in particular among government officials and teachers, were discussed at a meeting with the President 27 September 2021 - 14:44 The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine should propose a set of measures to combat the forgery of PCR tests and COVID-19 vaccination certificates, as well as to monitor the implementation of all necessary measures by Ukrainians and foreign nationals entering Ukraine from abroad. Head of State had a phone conversation with the President of Egypt 25 September 2021 - 20:01 The President noted the importance of further cooperation with Egypt, which is Ukraine's main trading partner in Africa. Volodymyr Zelenskyy reaffirmed his readiness to develop bilateral relations and increase the supply of domestic products to the market of the Arab Republic of Egypt. President had a phone conversation with the President of the Venice Commission 24 September 2021 - 21:12 At the initiative of President of the European Commission for Democracy through Law (Venice Commission) Gianni Buquicchio, a phone conversation with President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took place. President at the Food Systems Summit: Ukraine has a significant potential to increase its role in shaping sustainable food supply 24 September 2021 - 16:37 One of Ukraine's priorities is the development of an efficient agriculture system and the formation of global confidence in food safety standards. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a video speech at the UN Food Systems Summit in New York (USA). Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Boris Johnson discussed further steps to enhance strategic partnership between Ukraine and Great Britain 23 September 2021 - 08:32 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson in New York. The parties positively assessed the first results of the implementation of the Agreement on Political Cooperation, Free Trade and Strategic Partnership between Ukraine and the United Kingdom. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the general debate of the 76th session of the UN General Assembly 23 September 2021 - 01:05 The UN must support those who want to change the world for the better. Today, Ukraine is presenting a number of initiatives, platforms and summits. Let's take only one - the Crimea Platform. It must work under the auspices of the United Nations. If every nation has such an effective platform, approved by the UN, which solves problems and works 24/7, that means reviving the UN. Because it means to revive faith in the UN among ordinary people. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Secretary General of NATO in New York 22 September 2021 - 19:21 The President thanked the Secretary General for NATO's continued support for Ukraine, noting the importance of NATO representative’s participation in the Crimea Platform Summit in August this year in Kyiv. President of Ukraine on the attack on Serhiy Shefir's car: They will not intimidate us 22 September 2021 - 19:07 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated that the Ukrainian authorities would respond fairly and within the law, defending the interests of citizens, to any intimidation attempts by any groups. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of Microsoft 22 September 2021 - 17:54 In New York, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Microsoft President Brad Smith. The interlocutors discussed ways to deepen cooperation with Microsoft and implement joint projects. 1 2 ... 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine