1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033003/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=133 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Courage and motivation of Ukrainian warriors are not enough against thousands of Russian tanks - we need an appropriate amount of weapons 19 January 2023 - 18:17 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes the importance of approving the transfer of modern tanks to Ukraine as soon as possible, as every minute of delay costs the lives of Ukrainian warriors. He stated this during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with President of the European Council Charles Michel in Kyiv. The scale of our cooperation is a new history for both Ukraine and the European Union - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Charles Michel in Kyiv 19 January 2023 - 17:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Council Charles Michel who arrived in Ukraine on a visit. The first ambassadors, experts on the African continent, joined the Grain from Ukraine initiative - Andriy Yermak 19 January 2023 - 14:47 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a regular meeting of the working group on providing assistance to countries suffering from an acute food crisis, during which they discussed the expansion of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain from Ukraine initiative and the involvement of international experts familiar with the issues of the African continent in its implementation. Russia must be held to account for every Ukrainian family killed, for every burned Ukrainian city and village, we have to restore justice - address by the President of Ukraine to the attendees of the Russian War Crimes exhibition in Davos 19 January 2023 - 12:24 The special compensation mechanism will have the power to compensate Ukraine and every person affected by Russian aggression for the damage done by Russia. The abyss between Ukraine and Russia is deep, it was dug by Putin - President at the Davos Ukrainian Breakfast 19 January 2023 - 11:46 Ukraine needs cohesion and systemic assistance from partner countries in the fight against the Russian aggressor, because it is a fight against tyranny. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his online participation in the Davos Ukrainian Breakfast. I thank everyone who was involved in the rescue operation in Brovary today - address by the President of Ukraine 18 January 2023 - 22:07 Another day of this terrible war, these tragedies that our people are going through, is coming to an end. A terrible day that we must go through, must endure. And we will endure. Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Davos: It is important to keep Europe and the world united around support for Ukraine 18 January 2023 - 21:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that Russia's war against Ukraine continues, but Ukrainians remain strong and united, and it is very important to maintain the unity of the countries of Europe and the world in supporting our country, which is fighting for common civilizational values. Mobilization of the world must outpace the next military mobilization of our joint enemy - address by the President of Ukraine at “Restoring Security and Peace” session during the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum 18 January 2023 - 20:41 The supplying of Ukraine with air defense systems must outpace Russia’s next missile attacks. The supplies of Western tanks must outpace another invasion of Russian tanks. The restoration of security and peace in Ukraine must outpace Russia’s attack on security and peace in other countries. A tribunal for military crimes must prevent new ones. President expresses condolences over the death of the leadership of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and civilians as a result of the helicopter crash in Brovary 18 January 2023 - 12:47 The Head of State instructed the Security Service of Ukraine, in cooperation with the National Police and other authorized bodies, to clarify all the circumstances of the accident. All relevant services are working on the scene of the tragedy. Olena Zelenska presented the Ukrainian Peace Formula at the World Economic Forum in Davos 17 January 2023 - 23:22 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the opening of the plenary session at the Congress Center of the World Economic Forum (WEF), which started in Davos, Switzerland. For the first time in the history of the forum, the wife of the leader of the state spoke at it. 1 2 ... 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine