1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221554/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=182 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak discussed with the diplomats of the Scandinavian countries the situation at the front and strengthening the capabilities of the defense forces of Ukraine 5 October 2022 - 20:16 Andriy Yermak informed the attendees about Ukraine's success in resisting a full-scale Russian invasion. He emphasized: it is extremely important for our country that partners have comprehensive information about the events at the front, as the security situation in Ukraine depends on it. Ihor Zhovkva held phone consultations with the diplomatic advisors to the Prime Minister of Portugal and the Prime Minister of Spain 5 October 2022 - 18:32 The interlocutors were informed about the liberation by the Armed Forces of Ukraine of a significant number of settlements in the Southern and Eastern directions. Olena Zelenska met with Agata Kornhauser-Duda in Poland and spoke at the Warsaw Security Forum 5 October 2022 - 12:32 The wife of the President of Ukraine Olena Zelenska paid a visit to the Republic of Poland, during which she held a meeting with the first lady of this country Agata Kornhauser-Duda, spoke at the Warsaw Security Forum and received the Knight of Freedom Award awarded to the Ukrainian people. President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 5 October 2022 - 12:22 Plans regarding further liberation of Ukrainian territories were considered. We must create a Special Tribunal on the crime of aggression against Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the public debate "War and Law" in Paris 5 October 2022 - 09:51 I invite all of you to participate in the establishment of appropriate legal institutions. Anyone who joins in restoring justice now will join in guaranteeing long-term peace for all of us in Europe and the world. The Ukrainian army is carrying out a pretty fast and powerful advance in the south of our country - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 October 2022 - 22:44 In particular, according to the military reports from the Kherson region: the settlements of Lyubymivka, Khreshchenivka, Zolota Balka, Bilyaivka, Ukrainka, Velyka and Mala Oleksandrivka, and Davydiv Brid were liberated from the occupier and stabilized. And this is far from a complete list... Our warriors do not stop. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Joseph Biden 4 October 2022 - 22:40 The Ukrainian head of state thanked for the strong support of Ukraine consistently demonstrated by the U.S. government. Volodymyr Zelenskyy separately noted the recent two packages – 1.1 billion dollars in security assistance and almost 12.4 billion dollars in aid to our state. President of Ukraine congratulated the leader of the Brothers of Italy political force on winning the elections and discussed the further development of Ukrainian-Italian relations 4 October 2022 - 20:26 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with leader of the Brothers of Italy political force Giorgia Meloni, who won the recent parliamentary elections by a landslide. President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Prime Minister of India 4 October 2022 - 18:29 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Narendra Modi for India's support of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, and also emphasized the importance of the Indian leader's recent statement that now is not the time for war. 1 2 ... 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine