13 captures 24 Feb 2022 - 15 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050846/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/predstavnictvo-prezidenta-ukrayini-v-ar-krim-aktivizuye-svoy-72121 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Office of Representative of President of Ukraine in Autonomous Republic of Crimea steps up Ukrainian peninsula reintegration and de-occupation efforts 17 December 2021 - 11:31 Today, the Office of Representative of the President of Ukraine in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea celebrates its 29th anniversary. After President Volodymyr Zelenskyy changed the approach to the role of this body, the Office of Representative became more actively involved in the process of returning the temporarily occupied territories of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol, Permanent Representative of the President to the Autonomous Republic of Crimea Anton Korynevych has said. On December 17, 1992, the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine adopted Law No. 2875-XII "On the Office of Representative of the President of Ukraine in the Republic of Crimea." The day of its approval became the date of the establishment of the Office of Representative. Thus began the first steps of a historically important activity. In the spring of 2014, after the beginning of the temporary occupation of the Crimean peninsula by the Russian Federation, the Office of Representative of the President of Ukraine in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea resumes its activities near the peninsula – in the city of Kherson. Given the numerous violations of human rights by the Russian Federation and the importance of developing a policy of de-occupation and reintegration, in 2019 the head of state decided to open the Office of Representative in Kyiv, which took over a number of strategic issues, and the office in Kherson continued to work on the implementation of tactical challenges and with citizens' appeals. In 2019, Zelenskyy appointed Anton Korynevych as Permanent Representative of the President of Ukraine in Crimea, and Daria Svyrydova and Tamila Tasheva became his deputies. On March 11, 2021, Zelenskyy, by his decree, put into effect the decision of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine "On the Strategy for the De-occupation and Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territory of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the City of Sevastopol," on the text of which the updated team of the Office of Representative was actively working. On April 13, 2021, the President of Ukraine signed decree No. 160/2021 "On the priority areas of activity of the Office of Representative of the President of Ukraine in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea," which for the first time approved the strategy for the activities of this body under the conditions of temporary occupation. The Office of Representative, together with partners, is working on the development of initiatives aimed at implementing the strategy for the de-occupation and reintegration of Crimea, the development of a transitional justice policy, the observance of human rights and the implementation of other steps aimed at restoring the territorial integrity of Ukraine and protecting our citizens living in the temporarily occupied territories. Among the tasks of the Office of Representative: ● simplification of citizens' access to administrative services; ● ensuring access to health services; ● implementation of the rights of young people to access Ukrainian education; ● availability and improvement of conditions for crossing the administrative border; ● development and strengthening of the level of trust in public institutions; ● documenting human rights violations; ● regulation of criminal legislation to ensure the principle of inevitability of punishment for grave crimes; ● assistance in the imposition of sanctions against persons involved in the occupation and its consequences, and more. On February 26, 2020, Zelenskyy, by his decree No. 58/2020, declared in Ukraine the Day of Resistance to Occupation of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the City of Sevastopol. This important date is celebrated every year and bears truth and justice, because we must remember that our citizens resisted the occupation of Crimea to the last, despite the propaganda of the Russian Federation. Special attention is paid to the protection of the rights of core nations, in particular, the Crimean Tatars. On July 1, 2021, the Verkhovna Rada adopted Law No. 1616-IX "On the Indigenous Peoples of Ukraine," intended to put the historical record straight. The team of the Office of Representative together with the Ministry for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories, experts from human rights organizations joined in the development of a bill "On social and legal protection of persons in respect of whom the fact of deprivation of personal liberty as a result of armed aggression against Ukraine and their families," which the President Of Ukraine submitted as urgent to the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine in September 2021. The Office of Representative was involved in the implementation of the key initiative of the Head of State regarding the de-occupation of Crimea – the launch of the international Crimea Platform. On August 23, the constitutive summit of the initiative was held, which was attended by 46 delegations from the countries of the world and international organizations. As part of the Office of Representative, the Service for the Support of the Crimea Platform was created, which on the day of the summit opened the national office of the Crimea Platform in the center of Kyiv. Today, 34 team members work in the Office of Representative, some of whom are Crimean in origin. For them, de-occupation and reintegration is a personal mission on the way home and the return of the Crimean peninsula. It was very important for us to assemble a professional team and be able to be included in the discussion of the future of the Crimean peninsula at all levels. Changing the approach to the role of the Office of Representative and the opportunity to have a full-time office in Kyiv that ensures our work and enhances interagency cooperation is an important step of the President of Ukraine in shaping a consistent policy for the return of Crimea. Thanks to the amendments to the decree on the Office of Representative, we are now included in the processes concerning the return of the temporarily occupied territories of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol, and today we are ready to show our first results," Korynevych said. He expressed his conviction that the Office of Representative of the President of Ukraine in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea will definitely reopen its doors in the city of Simferopol. "Twenty nine years is the period when we draw conclusions, share victories and continue to work further along the path of the de-occupation and reintegration of Crimea. We are working to restore the constitutional order in the temporarily occupied territories and return freedom and human rights for every citizen living in Crimea," the permanent representative of the Head of State said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine