1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033112/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=77 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Attempts to circumvent sanctions should be defined as one of the gravest crimes against international law and peace – address of Ukraine's President 12 May 2023 - 18:19 Today is a sanction day. Five sanctions packages have been approved, which we prepared very carefully these weeks in the NSDC, the Cabinet of Ministers, the Office, and our secret services. The project of Ukrainian-language audio guides has been implemented in three more famous landmarks of the world 12 May 2023 - 16:12 The project to launch Ukrainian-language audio guides, initiated by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, was implemented in three museums in Italy and Sweden. In addition, a memorandum was signed to launch an audio tour in Ukrainian at Westminster Abbey in the UK. Applications for awarding the title of Hero of Ukraine will be considered by an expert group under the Commission of State Awards and Heraldry – President’s decree 12 May 2023 - 12:40 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has amended the Statute of the title of Hero of Ukraine, according to which preliminary consideration of applications for the highest state title will be carried out by an expert group under the Commission of State Awards and Heraldry under the President. The President signed the relevant decree today. Today, I approved a comprehensive strategic plan for reforming our law enforcement system – address by the President of Ukraine 11 May 2023 - 22:41 Ukraine should become and has already become a place of strength for Europe and the entire free world. We have to ensure maximum security, maximum freedom, maximum respect for the law and for people in Ukraine. Olena Zelenska: Gender equality should be not only about duties and responsibilities, but also about opportunities 11 May 2023 - 18:45 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the presentation and discussion of the National Strategy for Bridging the Gender Pay Gap until 2030. Security briefing for the Brazilian delegation headed by the Chief Advisor to the President of Brazil was held at the Presidential Office 11 May 2023 - 16:04 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak took part in a security briefing for a delegation from Brazil headed by Chief Advisor to the President of the Federal Republic of Brazil Celso Amorim. It is in Ukraine that the world will see what Europe is capable of - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 May 2023 - 22:25 Here, in Ukraine, we will have the maximum of Europe in Europe - the maximum possible of what European values are capable of, what European and global cooperation is capable of. On May 15-16, London will host the conference "Ukraine's Recovery: Rebuilding with Research", co-organized by the Presidential Foundation for Support of Education, Science and Sports 10 May 2023 - 13:51 The Presidential Foundation for Support of Education, Science and Sports together with the Royal Society of London and the Universities Policy Engagement Network (UPEN) are organizing "Ukraine's Recovery: Rebuilding with Research" conference. It is only a matter of time before we can restore a just peace for our part of Europe, for Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 May 2023 - 21:51 It is only a matter of time before the current aggressor loses, like the aggressor who lost 78 years ago, before Russian revanchism is crushed by the bravery of our warriors and the joint power of the free world. Defense and freedom are a direct result of bravery - Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to students of the EUniWell Alliance of European Universities 9 May 2023 - 20:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the Europe Unity For Well-Being event initiated by Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv as part of the EUniWell Alliance of European Universities. 1 2 ... 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine