5 captures 24 Feb 2024 - 09 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240224071432/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-12-2022&date-to=09-12-2023&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Democracies should not withdraw from the historical process of protecting all the values that have shaped our modern world – address by the President of Ukraine 23 February 2024 - 17:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region 23 February 2024 - 12:48 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska in an interview with Asian media: You cannot turn a blind eye to aggression, even if you are far away 1 December 2023 - 16:59 The forced transfer of Ukrainian children to Russia is an act of genocide. This was stated by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska in an interview with media representatives from Indonesia, Japan, South Korea, Cambodia, Thailand, Mongolia and Singapore. There are already 112 students studying under the double-degree program with universities in the United Kingdom – the initial results of launching educational projects under the Twinning initiative. 1 December 2023 - 11:00 The double degree program with UK universities provides an opportunity to obtain higher education under the curriculum created and implemented by Ukrainian and British universities simultaneously. As a result of their studies, graduates receive diplomas from two higher education institutions. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Nikolai Denkov discussed further cooperation between Ukraine and Bulgaria 30 November 2023 - 22:47 During a working trip to Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of Bulgaria Nikolai Denkov. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the command of the Tavria operational and strategic grouping of troops and presented state awards 30 November 2023 - 22:25 During a working trip to Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the operational situation in the region and the course of hostilities within the area of responsibility of the Tavria operational and strategic grouping of troops. In Zaporizhzhia, President held a meeting on fortifications 30 November 2023 - 21:37 The Head of State listened to the reports of Minister of Defense of Ukraine Rustem Umerov and his First Deputy Oleksandr Pavliuk. Representatives of military administrations, local authorities and military commanders also delivered reports. We discussed mobilizing resources for fortification works: the priority is clear – address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2023 - 20:58 I am grateful to everyone working on this kind of construction, in the production of materials. We also discussed the needs that we will address with our partners to reinforce our defense lines. President visited metro school in Kharkiv and talked to pupils 30 November 2023 - 16:48 The Head of State visited classrooms where lessons in mathematics, English language, and music were underway. Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to the children and inquired about the details of their studies. First Lady of Ukraine is included in the list of the 25 most influential women in the world according to the Financial Times 30 November 2023 - 16:07 According to Estonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas, who wrote a column about the First Lady of Ukraine, she admires Olena Zelenska's honesty the most. President of Ukraine and Rishi Sunak discussed priority areas of defense cooperation 30 November 2023 - 14:46 Following his visits to the frontline in the south and east of Ukraine, the President informed the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on the priority needs to enhance the defense capabilities of the Ukrainian warriors and reinforce the sky shield. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed further defense cooperation with Olaf Scholz 30 November 2023 - 14:33 The leaders discussed the current situation on the battlefield. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 184 185 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine