1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032951/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=137 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Presidents of Ukraine, Lithuania and Poland signed the Joint Declaration following the Second Summit of the Lublin Triangle in Lviv 11 January 2023 - 16:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda and President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda signed the Joint Declaration following the Second Summit of the Lublin Triangle held in Lviv. President held a meeting on security situation in northwestern regions of Ukraine in Lviv 11 January 2023 - 13:12 In particular, the parties discussed the operational situation on the border with the Republic of Belarus. In addition, information was provided on counter-subversive measures in the relevant territories. Free world has everything necessary to stop Russian aggression; it is important for global democracy - address by the President of Ukraine 10 January 2023 - 22:04 The defeat of the Russian aggression must remain unalterable, no matter who and what Russia tries to throw into the battle. Ukraine needs as many weapons as possible from partner countries to end this war in a fair way - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with La Repubblica 10 January 2023 - 20:58 Supplying weapons and armored vehicles to Ukraine will allow minimizing losses among Ukrainian citizens, shortening the duration of the war and accelerating its completion in a fair way that will restore the authority of international law. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with the Italian newspaper La Repubblica. The first meeting of the Committee of the Youth Exchange Council of Ukraine and Lithuania took place 10 January 2023 - 20:08 The first meeting of the Committee of the Youth Exchange Council of Ukraine and Lithuania was held in the format of a video conference with the participation of Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Oleksiy Dniprov. Due to the resilience of our warriors in Soledar, we have gained additional time and power for Ukraine - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 January 2023 - 22:30 I thank all our warriors who defend our Bakhmut and demonstrate maximum resilience! I thank all the warriors in Soledar who withstand new and even tougher attacks of the occupiers! Roman Mashovets and the Ambassador of Japan discussed ways of practical cooperation in providing assistance to Ukraine 9 January 2023 - 21:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets discussed with Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda the ways of implementing the agreements in the sphere of security and defense reached during the phone call between President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida on January 6, as well as the needs of the Ukrainian defense forces that can be met by the Japanese side. President had a meeting with Executive Vice-President of the European Commission for the European Green Deal 9 January 2023 - 17:21 The interlocutors discussed a range of topical issues of bilateral agenda, particularly in the context of preparation for the EU-Ukraine Summit scheduled for February 3 in Ukraine. Resilience and efficiency of actions at the front in general depend on resilience and efficiency of actions at each point of the front - address by the President of Ukraine 8 January 2023 - 20:56 I thank all our defenders who act in this way, who realize that their personal resilience, their personal strength and effectiveness give resilience, strength and effectiveness to the whole state. We defend the whole state, wherever the battles for it take place. It's very important that sincere prayer for Ukraine was today and will continue to be heard in Kyiv-Pechersk Lavra – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 January 2023 - 19:58 And it's very important to continue staying in the mood that was felt today. The joy of strengthening Ukraine and achieving historical justice. 1 2 ... 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine