5 captures 29 Nov 2023 - 15 Sep 2025 Oct NOV Dec 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231129091606/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=10 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are preparing some serious long-range stuff to make sure the occupiers feel the might of Ukraine – address by the President of Ukraine 28 November 2023 - 20:30 View all videos pg Photo gallery President takes part in the 2nd Grain from Ukraine summit 25 November 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President at the meeting with representatives of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar people: Ukraine is doing everything possible for the liberation of Crimea and victory over the Russian aggressor 18 May 2023 - 15:51 On the Day of Remembrance of the Victims of the Genocide of the Crimean Tatar People, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar people. The Office of the President held a briefing on the current security situation in Ukraine for the Chinese delegation headed by the Special Representative of the Chinese Government 18 May 2023 - 11:04 Pursuant to the President’s instruction, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a briefing on the current security situation in the country for the Chinese government delegation headed by Li Hui, Special Representative of the Chinese Government for Eurasian Affairs. We need more consolidation of the world to put pressure on Russia, more strength for our warriors - address by the President of Ukraine 17 May 2023 - 22:30 Today I held several preparatory meetings on new steps to strengthen our defense and our international positions. Olena Zelenska: Justice is needed not only for Ukraine, but also for all countries that want to live in peace 17 May 2023 - 18:34 Olena Zelenska thanked the government of the Republic of Korea for supporting the Peace Formula of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and condemning the abduction of Ukrainian children by Russia. First Lady of Ukraine opened Asian Leadership Conference in the Republic of Korea 17 May 2023 - 13:31 The conference serves as a platform for many well-known international business and entrepreneurship experts, representatives of global business and financial institutions to speak and exchange views. This year's 14th event is titled "Asian Leadership. The Era of Upheaval: The Road to Collaboration and Innovation" and is dedicated, in particular, to Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine. We are Europeans, so we act at one hundred percent of our strength when it comes to protecting our way of life – speech by the President of Ukraine at the opening of the Fourth Summit of the Council of Europe 16 May 2023 - 23:14 Europe has been waiting for such times – times when leaders would act in one hundred percent unity and with one hundred percent results for the sake of protecting Europe, for the sake of our common values. Together with Ukraine's partners, we will make the defense against terror as strong as possible – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 May 2023 - 22:26 Day after day, month after month, our team has been working to ensure that we have protection of the sky. In the framework of her visit to the Republic of Korea, Olena Zelenska met with President Yoon Suk Yeol 16 May 2023 - 17:58 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska has begun a visit to the Republic of Korea to take part in the Asian Leadership Conference. On the first day of the visit, the First Lady met with President of the Republic of Korea Yoon Suk Yeol. The main results of these days – our victory has been brought closer – address by the President of Ukraine 15 May 2023 - 19:19 Three long days – and our warriors and our state are getting stronger. Much stronger, I am sure of it. We are returning home with new defense packages: more new and powerful weapons for the frontline, more protection for our people. More political support. President of Ukraine on the results of his visits to Italy, Germany, France and the UK: Agreements on powerful defense packages were reached 15 May 2023 - 15:50 Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the priority of his visits to European capitals was to prepare for active actions of the Ukrainian Armed Forces at the front to liberate the occupied territories. 1 2 ... 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine