1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032128/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=45 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Ukraine and Poland are able to fill the entire space between the Baltic and Black Seas with new security and technological content - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Ukrainian-Polish business forum 6 April 2023 - 00:50 In Warsaw, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda took part in the Ukrainian-Polish business forum. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Marshal of the Sejm and the Marshal of the Senate of the Republic of Poland 5 April 2023 - 23:31 The head of state thanked the heads of the Sejm and the Senate for the clear and active position of the Polish parliament in support of Ukraine and for the important steps that helped our country repel Russian aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the negotiations with Mateusz Morawiecki in Warsaw: We reached an agreement on what will give Ukrainian warriors greater strength 5 April 2023 - 21:35 As part of his official visit to the Republic of Poland, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Prime Minister of Poland Mateusz Morawiecki. President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Poland in Warsaw signed a Letter of Intent to cooperate on the supply of defense equipment 5 April 2023 - 20:48 During an official visit to the Republic of Poland, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Poland Mateusz Morawiecki signed a Letter of Intent for Cooperation on the Supply of Defense Equipment. The more military aid comes to Ukraine, the faster the situation in Bakhmut and other areas of the front will change - President 5 April 2023 - 18:29 "For me, the most important issue is our military. And certainly, if there is a moment of even hotter events and the danger that we may lose personnel due to the encirclement, there will certainly be corresponding correct decisions of the general on the ground. I am sure of that," the President emphasized. Ukraine considers Poland not only its partner, but also a friend forever - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Andrzej Duda in Warsaw 5 April 2023 - 17:48 As part of his official visit to the Republic of Poland, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with President of Poland Andrzej Duda. In Warsaw, Andrzej Duda presented Volodymyr Zelenskyy with Poland's highest state award – the Order of the White Eagle 5 April 2023 - 15:58 The Ukrainian President was awarded the order in recognition of outstanding merits in deepening friendly and comprehensive relations between Poland and Ukraine, for the development of cooperation in the name of democracy, peace and security in Europe, steadfastness in the protection of inalienable human rights. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of politicians, businessmen and representatives of charitable organizations of the United States led by Mike Pompeo 4 April 2023 - 10:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with a delegation of politicians, businessmen and representatives of charitable organizations of the United States of America led by former U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the delegation of the House of Representatives of the U.S. Congress 3 April 2023 - 23:26 The President of Ukraine expressed hope that the high level of support and cooperation between the two states will be maintained. This is the key to the joint victory over the Russian aggressor. President held a meeting with the Director General of UNESCO in the Chernihiv region 3 April 2023 - 19:36 The Ukrainian President noted the importance of UNESCO's solidarity with the people of Ukraine amid full-scale Russian aggression. 1 2 ... 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine