4 captures 03 Jun 2022 - 10 Oct 2025 May JUN Jul 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220603144903/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nadannya-ukrayini-statusu-kandidata-na-vstup-do-yes-prodemon-75557 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We have already started working on new sanctions packages against Russia, it will pay the full price for the destruction of the lives of neighbors - address by the President of Ukraine 2 June 2022 - 23:58 View all videos n latest news We have already started working on new sanctions packages against Russia, it will pay the full price for the destruction of the lives of neighbors - address by the President of Ukraine 2 June 2022 - 23:58 Olena Zelenska spoke with the First Lady of Latvia and the wife of the President of the European Council 2 June 2022 - 21:19 President received credentials from the Ambassadors of the United States, India and Moldova to Ukraine and started a new tradition of such ceremonies in St. Sophia's Cathedral 2 June 2022 - 20:46 Granting Ukraine EU candidate status will demonstrate unity of European states - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 June 2022 - 18:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Presentation of credentials to President Volodymyr Zelenskyy by ambassadors of foreign countries to Ukraine 2 June 2022 - 18:48 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Granting Ukraine EU candidate status will demonstrate unity of European states - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 June 2022 - 18:25 Ukraine expects to be granted the status of a candidate for membership in the European Union, as this decision will be a demonstration of the unity of European countries and will give our country additional motivation to defend democratic values. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his online participation in the GLOBSEC International Security Forum. "We all understand that the issue of membership in the European Union is decided not in a day or in a month. One of the motivations for our people today is the belief that Europe truly considers us equal, strong and powerful. Such motivation is the candidacy for membership in the European Union," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy, answering questions from the moderator. The Head of State stressed that the unity of the Ukrainian people is an important weapon in resisting the aggressor. "People's unification depends on motivation. When the whole world looks at us, the whole of Europe, and we are supported - this is a great motivation. If you do not tire of supporting us with your morale, strength, and supporting us politically, the Ukrainian people will not tire of defending these values," the President said. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, despite the statements of the leaders of some European countries, the status of a candidate for EU membership is of special importance for Ukraine. "For some of the leaders, this is a trifle. For the members of the European Union, this is a passed stage, and for us it is a motivation. Do not forget about such motivations," he said. The Head of State stressed that one of the results of Russian aggression was the unification of European states around Ukraine, and today it is very important to preserve this unity. "Today, when the sanctions package is being discussed, when the decisions on the allocation of aid to Ukraine are being discussed, signals about a split, about certain steps of some states are starting to emerge. I believe that this unity cannot be lost, as it cost a lot," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine