12 captures 18 Mar 2022 - 14 Oct 2025 Feb MAR Apr 18 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220318105126/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-18-bereznya-pogodzheno-devyat-gumanitarnih-koridoriv-tako-73653 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our tactics is when the enemy does not know what to expect from us - address by the President of Ukraine 18 March 2022 - 00:58 View all videos n latest news As of March 18, nine humanitarian corridors have been agreed upon, and a hotline for information on war prisoners and missing persons has been launched - Iryna Vereshchuk 18 March 2022 - 10:09 Our tactics is when the enemy does not know what to expect from us - address by the President of Ukraine 18 March 2022 - 00:52 During the online meeting, Andriy Yermak called on the world's leading investment companies to participate in the reconstruction of Ukraine after the war 17 March 2022 - 19:13 President paid a visit to the hospital with residents of the Kyiv region wounded by enemy shelling 17 March 2022 - 17:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with the SES employees who took part in eliminating the consequences of Russian aggression 17 March 2022 - 18:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office As of March 18, nine humanitarian corridors have been agreed upon, and a hotline for information on war prisoners and missing persons has been launched - Iryna Vereshchuk 18 March 2022 - 10:09 As of March 18, nine humanitarian corridors have been agreed upon in Ukraine to evacuate people from settlements affected by shelling by Russian troops. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Iryna Vereshchuk. Thus, evacuation from Mariupol to Zaporizhzhia is planned in the Donetsk region. "A convoy of buses with a fuel truck continued to move from Vasylivka. After 9 am the second column of buses with Mariupol residents who managed to escape from the city will be transported from Berdyansk to Zaporizhzhia. Those who, unfortunately, go on foot, will be assisted in the city of Manhush," she said. In the Sumy region, humanitarian corridors have been coordinated from the cities of Sumy, Trostyanets, Lebedyn and Konotop, as well as from the villages of Krasnopillya and Velyka Pysarivka to Poltava. In the Kharkiv region, humanitarian aid is planned to be delivered to the cities of Balakliya and Izyum. For Tomorrow, March 19, routes of humanitarian aid to the cities of the Kherson and Luhansk regions are being worked out. Iryna Vereshchuk reminded the phone numbers of the National Information Bureau: 1648 and (044) 287-81-65. "This hotline is designed for the initial collection of information and communication with victims. The line will also function in messengers. I ask those who have questions and who want information about the dead, missing, prisoners of war, illegally detained by Russia, including civilians to call and we will help," said the Deputy Prime Minister. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine