10 captures 22 Dec 2022 - 10 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221222100021/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kompleks-patriot-ce-vazhlivij-krok-u-stvorenni-diyevogo-povi-80009 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We stand, we fight and we will win. Because we are united. Ukraine, America and the entire free world - address by Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a joint meeting of the US Congress 22 December 2022 - 07:52 View all videos n latest news We stand, we fight and we will win. Because we are united. Ukraine, America and the entire free world - address by Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a joint meeting of the US Congress 22 December 2022 - 07:39 In Washington, the President of Ukraine met with the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the senators from the Republican and Democratic parties 22 December 2022 - 03:44 The Patriot complex is an important step in creating an effective air shield for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the negotiations with the U.S. President 22 December 2022 - 02:16 Ukraine and the United States have begun a new stage in bilateral relations - President of Ukraine following the negotiations with the President of the United States in Washington 22 December 2022 - 02:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the President of Ukraine to the United States 22 December 2022 - 00:04 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Patriot complex is an important step in creating an effective air shield for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the negotiations with the U.S. President 22 December 2022 - 02:16 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the key issue of his negotiations today in the USA was the strengthening of Ukraine in the next year and the movement of our state towards victory in the war for independence. He stated this during a joint briefing with U.S. President Joseph Biden following the meeting in Washington. “I’m coming back home with great news. Today, President Biden announced a new package of military assistance to Ukraine in the amount of about 2 billion dollars. And the strongest element of this package is the Patriot complex - something that will significantly strengthen our air defense. This is an important step in creating an effective air shield for Ukraine. This is the only way we will deprive the terrorist state of its main instrument of terror - the ability to attack our cities, our energy, and our people," the Ukrainian Head of State said. He said that an important part of the conversation with the U.S. President was the coordination of further strategic steps. "We talked in detail about what we expect from next year and what we are preparing for. This is important for all Ukrainians. And this is a great help," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine expressed hope that the Congress will approve a package of financial support for our country in the amount of almost 45 billion dollars. "Thank you for such a great support! Every dollar of such an investment by the United States in the defense of freedom will mean a real and tangible strengthening of global security," he assured. The President of Ukraine expressed gratitude to the U.S. Congress for bicameral and bipartisan support. "We have a clear understanding of how our defense capabilities will be strengthened in the coming months," the President of Ukraine said. U.S. President Joseph Biden confirmed that he is waiting for the law to be submitted for his signature making the provision of the necessary weapons to Ukraine easier and faster. "Today, I’m announcing the next tranche of security assistance in the amount of 1 billion 850 million dollars, including the equipment that Ukraine needs, the supply of ammunition that Ukraine will need in the months ahead for artillery, tanks and rocket launchers. The Patriot air defense system will also be provided with the necessary training of Ukrainian personnel so that they can continue to protect Ukrainian airspace," said Joseph Biden. ph Visit of the President of Ukraine to the United States 22 December 2022 - 00:04 ph Visit of the President of Ukraine to the United States 22 December 2022 - 00:04 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine