1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022850/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=16 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Israel 7 September 2023 - 20:31 The President emphasized the importance of Israel's support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. He expressed gratitude for providing shelter to Ukrainian citizens who fled to Israel as a result of full-scale Russian aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Rishi Sunak discussed the functioning of the "grain corridor" and the continuation of defense cooperation 7 September 2023 - 18:37 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak. President of Ukraine on the Day of Military Intelligence: Thanks to intelligence officers and all our defense and security forces, Ukrainians feel that we can beat Russia 7 September 2023 - 16:30 On the Day of Military Intelligence of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with servicemen of the Main Intelligence Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine and presented high state awards. President introduces new Minister of Defense of Ukraine Rustem Umerov 7 September 2023 - 13:05 The Head of State noted that today the Ministry of Defense has a new agency, as it is responsible for coordinating the entire defense sector. The 3rd Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen took place in Kyiv 7 September 2023 - 10:28 It is an international dialog platform for spouses of the world's top leaders, launched in 2021 to share experiences and implement joint projects for the well-being of people on the planet. The theme of the 3rd Summit is "Mental Health: Fragility and Resilience of the Future". Every manifestation of the world's consolidation really helps save lives – address of President of Ukraine 6 September 2023 - 23:31 I am grateful to everyone in the world who condemned this latest manifestation of Russian evil and supports Ukraine, our people. And it is very important that the response to Russian terror was even greater consolidation of the world. Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Antony Blinken discuss further support for Ukraine 6 September 2023 - 23:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken, visiting our country. Restrictions against Ukrainian exports now are scaling up of destruction caused by Russian terrorists – address of the President of Ukraine to participants of the Summit of the Three Seas Initiative 6 September 2023 - 21:07 May solidarity continue to unite us! May the whole Europe, from the Danube to the Vistula, continue to be a space of cooperation. Mette Frederiksen's name plaque unveiled on Walk of Brave in Kyiv 6 September 2023 - 20:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen, after the negotiations in Kyiv, opened a plaque dedicated to the head of the government of the Kingdom of Denmark on the Walk of the Brave in Constitution Square. No one can be left alone with war and its consequences in mind and soul – speech of President of Ukraine at third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 6 September 2023 - 19:30 I am grateful that this Summit and such a representative discussion is dedicated to the topic of mental health. It is a special direction that requires a special approach. 1 2 ... 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine