5 captures 22 Oct 2020 - 08 Sep 2025 Jan FEB Mar 18 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220218202739/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/derzhava-vidremontuye-zlitnu-smugu-sumskogo-aeroportu-prezid-63365 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A global document is needed between the world's leading states, which would put Ukraine's security guarantees on paper 17 February 2022 - 19:12 President: By strengthening the Ukrainian army, international partners are helping themselves as well 17 February 2022 - 18:36 In Donbas, the President honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders perished in the battles for Avdiivka 17 February 2022 - 17:16 President visited the frontline positions of the military in the Donetsk region 17 February 2022 - 15:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine visited the frontline positions of the military in the Donetsk region 17 February 2022 - 20:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The state will repair the runway of Sumy airport - President 8 September 2020 - 13:26 During a working trip to the Sumy region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the work of the regional utility company “Sumy Airport”. Head of the Sumy regional state administration Roman Hryshchenko told the President about the implementation of the National Program "Great Construction" in the region. In particular, 160 km of state roads are being renewed in the region in 2020. UAH 2 billion has been allocated for this. This is several times more than last year. 65 km of local roads are also being repaired, for which more than UAH 860 million is provided. The construction of four outpatient clinics has been completed and the complete reconstruction of seven ER departments has begun. In addition, five schools are being renovated in the region, and a completely new kindergarten, unique for the country, is being built. It will have three floors and a swimming pool. "The main investor in the Sumy region is the state. Thanks to the "Great Construction" our economy is rising, the average wage has increased. That is why everyone in Sumy has a dream - to create a real hub on the basis of Sumy International Airport, which will give impetus to economic development," the RSA Head noted. According to Roman Hryshchenko, the airport is currently in a poor condition, as it has never really been repaired. The main problem is the obsolescence of the runway. At the same time, the Head of the regional state administration clarified that in terms of parameters it is not inferior to the runways at Kharkiv airport or Zhuliany, and therefore is suitable for almost all planes. If the runway and the airport in general are repaired, Sumy can become a refueling point for long-haul aircraft flying from Asia to the West. Volodymyr Zelenskyy assured that the state can allocate funds for the repair of the runway. "Now we are selecting priority areas at all airports. We are ready to build this runway in Sumy, so that it is on the schedule of priority airports, if you have those who will build a terminal in parallel. This is very important," the President said. The Head of the regional state administration stressed that he has already been considering the possibility of concession or financing from local budgets. ph Working trip to the Sumy region 8 September 2020 - 11:05 ph Working trip to the Sumy region 8 September 2020 - 11:05 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine