5 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 15 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101190554/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-10-2023&date-to=31-10-2024&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Support for the Energy Sector and Long-Term Reconstruction of Ukraine: Meeting at the Office of the President with the Associate Administrator of the UN Development Programme 22 October 2024 - 14:12 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva met with Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations and Associate Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme Haoliang Xu, who is on a visit to Ukraine. We Need Our Partners’ Resolve in Light of Reports about North Korea's New Role in Supporting Russia – Address by the President 21 October 2024 - 20:24 It is obvious that Putin fears peace, which is why he is looking for ways to escalate the aggression and involve North Korea on the frontline. This is an obvious signal to the whole world as to who wants nothing but war. School Nutrition Reform: Results of the Press Tour in the Odesa Region 21 October 2024 - 19:56 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska visited the Odesa region to review the implementation of the school nutrition reform, which she initiated. The United States Announces New $400 Million Defense Aid Package for Ukraine 21 October 2024 - 17:03 The United States has allocated a new defense aid package to Ukraine totaling $400 million. U.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin announced this during a meeting with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv. Iryna Vereshchuk Visited the Borodyanka Center for Social and Psychological Rehabilitation 21 October 2024 - 13:13 Iryna Vereshchuk met with the management of the Center and discussed the current needs of the institution, such as increasing the number of specialists who will provide assistance to veterans and their families. This Week, We Secured Support From Our Partners in Terms of the Victory Plan – Address by the President 20 October 2024 - 20:50 We must continue working together, in unity, to achieve results for all of us – for all of Ukraine. Environmental Security: the Sixth Conference in Continuation of the First Peace Summit Was Held in Helsinki 19 October 2024 - 21:40 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak took part in a thematic conference dedicated to the eighth point of the Peace Formula, Environmental Security. The event in Helsinki was attended online and offline by representatives of 60 countries and organizations. The conference was hosted by Finland as the co-chair of the working group on this point. The Victory Plan and the Support for its Implementation from Partners: the President Met with the Minister for Europe and Foreign Affairs of France 19 October 2024 - 21:13 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the newly appointed Minister for Europe and Foreign Affairs of France Jean-Noël Barrot, who paid his first visit to Ukraine. We Keep Working to Free Our People: Military Personnel and Civilians – Address by the President 19 October 2024 - 20:30 It is important to understand that nothing happens just like that. Strong positions are always needed for Ukraine. The capabilities of our state must always be increased. In times of war, results can only be earned. I thank everyone who makes this possible. Ukraine and the United Kingdom Hold the Third Round of Negotiations on a Bilateral Agreement on Transition to a Stronger and Deeper Partnership 18 October 2024 - 21:02 Ukraine and the United Kingdom held the third round of negotiations on a bilateral agreement on transition to a stronger and deeper partnership. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine