25 captures 02 Feb 2023 - 16 Oct 2025 Jan FEB Mar 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230203003352/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nam-v-ukrayini-potribno-govoriti-v-odin-golos-zi-svitom-shod-80753 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We in Ukraine need to speak with one voice to the world on defense supplies and increase pressure on Russia - address by President Zelenskyy 2 February 2023 - 21:54 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska: Every Ukrainian child should be brought up in a family 2 February 2023 - 22:18 We in Ukraine need to speak with one voice to the world on defense supplies and increase pressure on Russia - address by President Zelenskyy 2 February 2023 - 21:54 Tax reform will eliminate corruption in this area and improve business conditions - Rostyslav Shurma 2 February 2023 - 20:24 We must do everything we can so that next year we will be able to pray with thanks for the obtained salvation from evil - Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the participants of the National Prayer Breakfast in the United States 2 February 2023 - 18:33 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 2 February 2023 - 13:55 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We in Ukraine need to speak with one voice to the world on defense supplies and increase pressure on Russia - address by President Zelenskyy 2 February 2023 - 21:54 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Today there was no shortage of statements and comments throughout the day, no shortage of news, especially in the diplomatic sphere. That's why today's report is brief. I will start with something that has not yet been reported. Today, I held a meeting of the Staff, for the first time in a dual format. First, the traditional full composition of the Staff. We reviewed the situation at the front, Russia's attempts to increase pressure in Donbas. The issue of supplying the army. Training of personnel and other issues of constant attention of the Staff. And then, in the afternoon, an additional meeting of the members of the Staff in a narrow format. For a particularly important conversation. We will not leave any aggressive action of the invader without our response. The enemy is at a specific stage when Russia's strategic defeat is already clear. But tactically, they still have the resources to attempt offensive actions. They are looking for options to try to change the course of the war and are trying to put the potential of all the territories they still control in the service of aggression. We have to continue what we are doing: strengthen our resilience, be absolutely united in our aspiration to provide our army and all defenders with the necessary weapons and equipment - we in Ukraine need to speak with one voice to the world on defense supplies. We also need to tangibly increase global pressure on Russia every month. The enemy must come out of this stage much weaker than they anticipate in the worst-case scenario. This is a difficult task for us. But we must accomplish it. We also continue our fight against the internal enemy. I am grateful to the Security Service of Ukraine, the State Bureau of Investigation, the Prosecutor General's Office and all those who are involved in the cleansing of our country. New steps will follow. Today, in the framework of negotiations with the President of the European Commission and members of the European Commission Board, we have reached very important mutual understandings. That only together a strong Ukraine and a strong European Union can protect the life we value. That Ukraine needs unwavering and full support in its defense against Russia. And that we must, through our further integration, give energy and motivation to our people to fight despite any obstacles and threats. I believe that Ukraine deserves to reach the beginning of negotiations on EU membership this year already. And I thank Mrs. President of the European Commission, her colleagues and our friends in the EU for their tangible support on the path of integration and in protecting our country and people. This includes military, financial, energy and social support. And these are the changes by which we ensure more interaction between our institutions - institutions of Ukraine and the EU. Tomorrow is the second European integration day of the week. The Ukraine-EU Summit will take place. We are preparing. And one more thing. Today I took part in the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington, DC. This is an annual event that brings together the most powerful representatives of the American state and society. President Biden was there, as well as senators and members of the House of Representatives, leaders of religious communities and various political communities. I urged them to do everything we can and as we must in confronting the Russian evil, so that the power of our actions could complement the power of our prayers. Prayers for salvation from evil, for victory over the invaders, and for peace for all our people - in all municipalities of free Ukraine. I thank each and every one of our warriors! All soldiers and sailors, sergeants and foremen, officers and generals! To everyone who is resilient! I thank everyone who helps Ukraine! May all those who pray for our victory be heard! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine