1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022853/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=28 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with the U.S. President's National Security Advisor 23 January 2023 - 21:26 Andriy Yermak briefed Jake Sullivan on the current situation on the frontline and the tasks facing the Ukrainian Defense Forces. The importance of providing the Ukrainian army with weapons and equipment to effectively respond to the aggressor's actions was emphasized. Andriy Yermak discussed with representatives of partner countries the acceleration of the supply of equipment necessary for Ukraine to restore the energy system 23 January 2023 - 20:21 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, work with international partners continues to support the restoration of the country's energy system after the missile attacks by Russia. On Monday, Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak held a regular meeting via video conference to discuss the supply of equipment needed to repair Ukraine's power grid. In the process of rebuilding Ukraine, American business will once again be able to demonstrate the power of free entrepreneurship - Andriy Yermak at the meeting of the National Association of State Chambers 23 January 2023 - 19:52 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak is convinced that the post-war reconstruction of Ukraine will be a challenge and an opportunity for American entrepreneurs to show their best well-known qualities. He said this during an online speech at a meeting of the American National Association of State Chambers (NASC). Andriy Yermak briefs US senators on situation at front, strengthening of Ukrainian army 21 January 2023 - 14:26 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak organized a briefing for a delegation of US senators visiting our country. Peace Formula proposed by the President of Ukraine is a real way to achieve it - Andriy Yermak at the Davos Forum 19 January 2023 - 22:05 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak notes that President Volodymyr Zelenskyy proposed the Ukrainian Peace Formula as a way to end the war, as it is impossible to achieve peace acceptable to our country with the current Russian leadership. The first ambassadors, experts on the African continent, joined the Grain from Ukraine initiative - Andriy Yermak 19 January 2023 - 14:47 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a regular meeting of the working group on providing assistance to countries suffering from an acute food crisis, during which they discussed the expansion of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain from Ukraine initiative and the involvement of international experts familiar with the issues of the African continent in its implementation. Andriy Yermak met with Isabelle Dumont 17 January 2023 - 22:31 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Diplomatic Advisor on continental Europe and Türkiye to the President of the Republic of France Isabelle Dumont. In Davos Andriy Yermak urged partners to support the initiative to establish a Special International Tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine 17 January 2023 - 18:14 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak emphasized the importance of establishing a Special International Tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine to hold to account the Russian leadership and all criminals, as well as the accession of the countries of the world, in particular the EU, to this process. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the new Secretary of State, Head of the International Policy Bureau at the Presidential Chancellery of Poland 17 January 2023 - 16:02 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the new Secretary of State, Head of the International Policy Bureau at the Presidential Chancellery of the Republic of Poland Marcin Przydacz. Andriy Yermak held a briefing for the U.S. delegation headed by Deputy Secretary of State 16 January 2023 - 18:22 Andriy Yermak informed the American partners, in particular, about the main events taking place in Ukraine and around its borders due to the aggression of the Russian Federation. He thanked the United States for supporting our country in the struggle for independence and territorial integrity. 1 2 ... 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine