7 captures 04 Apr 2023 - 18 Jul 2025 Mar APR May 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230404215635/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-obgovorila-z-gendirektorkoyu-yunesko-zberezhe-82045 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russian aggression proves that only collective preventive security guarantees can be reliable - address by the President of Ukraine 4 April 2023 - 22:44 View all videos n latest news Russian aggression proves that only collective preventive security guarantees can be reliable - address by the President of Ukraine 4 April 2023 - 22:42 The enemy of freedom must lose, that is why we ask the USA for support - speech by the President of Ukraine at an online meeting with members of the U.S. National Association of Governors 4 April 2023 - 19:53 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of politicians, businessmen and representatives of charitable organizations of the United States led by Mike Pompeo 4 April 2023 - 10:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the delegation of the House of Representatives of the U.S. Congress 3 April 2023 - 23:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Chernihiv region 3 April 2023 - 15:18 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska and the Director General of UNESCO discussed the preservation of Ukrainian cultural heritage and the restoration of the educational sector 3 April 2023 - 16:27 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska held a meeting with UNESCO Director General Audrey Azoulay. The meeting took place in Kyiv, in the St. Sophia of Kyiv National Reserve, with the participation of Minister of Culture and Information Policy Oleksandr Tkachenko and First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Emine Dzhaparova. The President's wife thanked Audrey Azoulay for supporting Ukraine in resisting Russian aggression, in particular for the positive decision of the World Heritage Committee on inscribing Odesa on the List of World Heritage in Danger (January 25, 2023). "This decision, adopted during a full-scale war in Ukraine, when our historical and cultural heritage is one of the strategic goals for the aggressor country, will make it possible to protect the cultural heritage of Odesa and save it from the Russian invaders, who have repeatedly directed their missiles at the city," said the First Lady. Olena Zelenska also welcomed the unblocking of the work of the World Heritage Committee and its release from the Russian presidency. The 45th session of the Committee will be held this year in Saudi Arabia in September. "After your visit to Ukraine, you will better understand what we are fighting for, what we want to preserve and why it is important for us," said the First Lady, addressing Audrey Azoulay. The President's wife noted the efforts made by UNESCO to monitor, assess and document the damage caused to the cultural heritage of Ukraine. These data will be used to collect evidence to bring the aggressor to justice, including international justice, for crimes against the cultural heritage of our country. "We hope for support from UNESCO in the return of cultural values, which the attacker continues to steal and illegally remove from the occupied territories of Ukraine, grossly violating the Statute and conventions of UNESCO," said Olena Zelenska. "Culture has no borders. The losses of one country impoverish the whole world. And what is preserved enriches and adds variety," the First Lady added. She also emphasized the importance of UNESCO's assistance in restoring the education system of Ukraine. "We are ready to continue our active work with UNESCO in the framework of a large project on socio-psychological assistance to Ukrainian children and teachers affected by the Russian Federation's war against Ukraine," the President's wife emphasized. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine