8 captures 16 Mar 2021 - 18 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224061431/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dostup-ukrayinciv-do-yakisnih-medichnih-poslug-efektivnu-pen-67037 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Access of Ukrainians to quality medical services, effective pension system and fight against poverty were discussed at a meeting with Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 March 2021 - 19:26 The strategy for the development of the healthcare system and social policy in Ukraine was discussed at a meeting chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. It was emphasized that the continuation of the reform of the healthcare system in Ukraine needed to be transformed due to the challenge of the COVID-19 pandemic. The proposed program was also adjusted taking into account the election program of Volodymyr Zelenskyy. "Our goal is a healthy Ukrainian. All our citizens should have access to high-quality medical services. We need to provide funding for medical facilities and, of course, decent salaries for our doctors," the President said. Minister of Health Maksym Stepanov presented the system of transition to effective insurance medicine, diversification of sources and increase of financing of the sphere, development of new establishments for the provision of highly specialized services. He also focused on the development of the preventive component of the Ukrainian healthcare sphere. "Our strategy includes both major areas of medical development, such as improving the quality of medical products, medicines, uninterrupted access to innovative medicines, stimulating the development of voluntary health insurance, and detailed programs - such as reducing the number of women's cancer cases, improving care for patients with cardiovascular diseases," the Minister of Health said. Maksym Stepanov also stressed the importance of harmonizing the legislation of Ukraine with the legislation of the European Union in the field of circulation of medicines. In addition, the parties discussed the development of social policy, focusing on the creation of an effective system of funded pension provision for all citizens, reforming the social insurance sector, establishing a real subsistence level in accordance with human needs. "Ukraine must become a country where everyone feels comfortable and cozy. The older generation must be provided with decent pensions. We have to help the poor socially and motivate them for official employment," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. Minister of Social Policy Maryna Lazebna noted that the approach to pension provision should first of all change its philosophy: not only the state provides for a person, but also a citizen funds his pension. The Minister has developed a system that will not increase the deficit of the Pension Fund, however, according to preliminary calculations, increase pensions by 1.5-3 times. "The average pension will increase from 3,500 to 7,000 hryvnias. Pension funds accumulated during working life will be inherited. It is good if a person finally gets the opportunity to have alternative sources of pension benefits," Maryna Lazebna said. She also noted that her department is actively working with the Ministry of Digital Transformation on the introduction of electronic services in the social sphere - 125 services will be available online. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine