24 captures 17 Sep 2021 - 23 May 2024 Jan FEB Mar 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220215141906/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vzyala-uchast-u-pyatomu-ukrayinskomu-zhinocho-70681 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska takes part in V Ukrainian Women's Congress 16 September 2021 - 12:50 First Lady Olena Zelenska opened the second day of the V Ukrainian Women's Congress. In her speech, the President's wife, in particular, spoke about the results of Ukraine's participation in the Biarritz Partnership, which were achieved in five areas: the development of a barrier-free public space friendly to families with children and people with limited mobility; teaching the principles of equality between women and men; prevention of violence; narrowing the wage gap between women and men and creating more opportunities for men to take care of children. Ukraine has already developed a draft strategy to reduce the gender pay gap, adopted a law that makes all citizens equal in responsibility for committed domestic violence and expedites court proceedings in relevant cases. A law that simplifies the opportunity for men to take parental leave was also adopted. The Ministry of Education and Science has formed a working group on gender audit, the main task of which is to develop a methodology and criteria for gender audit of educational institutions. A subvention to create a network of specialized support services for people affected by domestic violence and/or gender-based violence has been provided. The barriers-free space campaign is being actively developed in Ukraine. "Equality is not only about equal rights, it is also about equal opportunities and access for every member of society to any public space: an airport, train, restaurant, cafe, pharmacy or business center. All of this is part of our commitment to the Biarritz Partnership and one of my major areas of activity, which is called "barrier-free space." I would like to point out that we have taken confident steps to ensure that barrier-free environment becomes a new social norm," Zelenska said. According to the First Lady, many obligations have already been met, but this is only the beginning: "The state and all of us must not forget the main thing – why Ukraine joined the Biarritz Partnership. [Ukraine joined it] for the sake of equal opportunities, rights and freedoms for all people." The Ukrainian Women's Congress is a permanent public platform that shapes the gender policy agenda for the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, the government, local communities, the private and public sectors, and the media community. The main topic of this event is Women's Leadership as a Value. At the initiative of First Lady Olena Zelenska, on September 11, 2020, Ukraine became a full member of the international Biarritz Partnership. It was initiated by the G7 leaders – Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States. The main goal is to strengthen the responsibility of the G7 and consolidate the efforts of other states to achieve equal rights and opportunities in society and the absence of restrictions on any grounds. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine