6 captures 28 May 2023 - 30 Apr 2025 Apr MAY Jun 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230528220725/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vzyala-uchast-u-vidkritti-ukrayinomovnogo-aud-83137 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kyiv and all our cities, the whole of Ukraine will put an end to the history of Moscow's despotism – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 May 2023 - 19:09 View all videos n latest news The support we received at the G7 Summit in Hiroshima makes it possible to look to the future with confidence on the way to victory - Andriy Yermak in an interview with the Japanese TV channel NHK 28 May 2023 - 20:15 Kyiv and all our cities, the whole of Ukraine will put an end to the history of Moscow's despotism – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 May 2023 - 19:05 Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: online meeting with representatives of the military and political leadership of the Netherlands took place in the Office of the President 28 May 2023 - 17:37 Any compromise with Russia is a direct path to the next stages of the war - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with La Repubblica 28 May 2023 - 13:33 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the Day of the SSSCIP 25 May 2023 - 13:33 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska took part in the opening of a Ukrainian-language audio guide at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam 25 May 2023 - 11:37 Olena Zelenska together with Queen Máxima of the Netherlands launched a Ukrainian-language audio guide in the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam. This is the 65th audio guide in the world as part of the Ukrainian First Lady’s global project to launch Ukrainian-language audio guides at the world's leading landmarks. The guide was narrated by the famous Dutch actress of Ukrainian origin Victoria Koblenko. In addition to the audio guide, a video tour in Ukrainian was also created. The video tour was created by Ukrainian film director and screenwriter Maria Ponomaryova, and the guide for the video tour is Ukrainian artist Natalia Vladychko, who works at the Rijksmuseum. The Rijksmuseum is one of the largest and most famous Dutch museums, the audio guide at this institution became the third audio guide in the Netherlands. "This means a better understanding for our peoples not only in matters of art, but in all matters. It is also important for us because during the year of the Russian invasion, more than 300 museums were destroyed by enemy bombing. Not only people are dying from the Russian attack, but also art objects. And at the same time, it is art that gives us hope that the human spirit will always prevail over destruction and brute force. In Ukraine, we protect not only ourselves, we also ensure that this does not happen again anywhere in the world - so that neither people nor works of art are subjected to aggression," Olena Zelenska said in a video address on the occasion of the launch of the audio guide. She thanked the museum's leadership and the Embassy of Ukraine in the Netherlands for the implementation of the project. "The story of your museum's highlight, Rembrandt's The Night Watch, is especially important to me. It was attacked several times by vandals, but it survived. The hope that there will be light behind the darkness is very inspiring in these dark times," the First Lady said. Recently, the Ukrainian-language audio guide was launched with the assistance of the Embassy of Ukraine in Finland on one of the largest and most important tourist destinations in Finland - the fortress island of Suomenlinna (Sveaborg). It is a naval fortress located in Helsinki. Construction of the fortress began in the middle of the 18th century. In 1991, Suomenlinna was included in the UNESCO World Heritage List to preserve it for future generations as an example of eighteenth-century fortress architecture in Europe. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine