1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031457/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=49 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – The National Guard has become one of the key elements of the defense system of our country, which prevent the enemy from conquering Ukraine - the President during the participation in the graduation of young officers 24 March 2023 - 13:14 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the festivities marking the 9th anniversary of the National Guard of Ukraine and the graduation of officers of the National Academy of the National Guard of Ukraine and the Kyiv Institute of the National Guard of Ukraine. President of Ukraine spoke in an online format at a meeting of the European Council and told five key reasons protracting the war and pushing peace further away 23 March 2023 - 20:48 The President emphasized that if there are no delays or stagnation in Ukraine-Europe cooperation, if joint efforts are resolutely focused on Ukraine's victory, the victory will be gained already this year. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting regarding the situation in the Kherson region and awarded Ukrainian defenders 23 March 2023 - 13:14 During a working trip to the Kherson region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a coordination meeting on the current security situation and the state of elimination of the consequences of damage to critical infrastructure facilities in the region. In the Kherson region, the President observed the restoration of the region's destroyed infrastructure 23 March 2023 - 12:56 The President was informed about the progress of the restoration of electricity supply in the de-occupied territories and the repair of equipment destroyed as a result of Russian shelling. President visited the wounded servicemen in the Kharkiv region and presented awards 22 March 2023 - 20:01 During a working trip to the Kharkiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited one of the medical facilities where Ukrainian servicemen undergo treatment. President held a meeting on the situation in the Kharkiv region and awarded Ukrainian servicemen 22 March 2023 - 18:51 Volodymyr Zelenskyy listened to the report of the military command on the operational situation in the area of responsibility of the Kharkiv operational group of troops. The President also discussed with representatives of the energy industry the issue of supplying electricity to all settlements of the Kharkiv region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the social and security situation in the Donetsk region 22 March 2023 - 14:32 The restoration of the destroyed infrastructure, as well as the issue of ensuring an uninterrupted supply of water and electricity, was discussed. The parties also considered the issue of funding for healthcare facilities relocated from the temporarily occupied territories. President paid a visit to the wounded Ukrainian servicemen in a hospital in the Donetsk region and presented awards 22 March 2023 - 13:07 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a hospital where the wounded Ukrainian servicemen, including the defenders of Bakhmut, are being treated. President visited frontline positions in the Donetsk region and awarded the defenders of Bakhmut 22 March 2023 - 12:53 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian military in the Bakhmut area. Joint Statement on Special Global Partnership between Ukraine and Japan 21 March 2023 - 22:07 The leaders condemned in the strongest possible terms the illegal, unjustifiable and unprovoked aggression by Russia against Ukraine. The leaders shared the view that Russia's aggression against Ukraine undermines the very foundation of the international order based on the rule of law, constitutes a grave violation of the basic principles enshrined in the UN Charter. 1 2 ... 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine