1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233351/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=11 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The whole world needs Ukraine's successful counteroffensive today 24 August 2023 - 19:09 The whole world needs a successful counteroffensive of the Ukrainian defense forces and the liberation of Ukrainian lands from Russian invaders, as our country is fighting for common values. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following negotiations with Prime Minister of Norway Jonas Gahr Støre in Kyiv. Norway supports aviation coalition, three countries have already agreed to provide Ukraine with F-16 jets – President following the meeting with Jonas Gahr Støre 24 August 2023 - 18:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with Prime Minister of Norway Jonas Gahr Støre, who is on a visit to our country. Ukraine is ready to start negotiations with Portugal on a bilateral document on security guarantees - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 August 2023 - 16:34 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that after the accession of the Republic of Portugal to the G7 Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine, our country is ready to start negotiations with this country on the bilateral document on security guarantees. Portugal confirmed readiness to join training of Ukrainian pilots and engineers on F-16s - Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the meeting with Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa 24 August 2023 - 15:23 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with President of the Republic of Portugal Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa, who is on a visit to our country. On Independence Day of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented military units with state awards, insignia and battle flags with ribbons with honorary names 24 August 2023 - 14:48 “Today we are all celebrating the 32nd anniversary of Ukraine's independence. 32 years of uninterrupted independence, which will endure. Which we will not allow to be torn apart. And which Ukrainians will not lose grip on,” the Head of State emphasized in his speech. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska took part in the Prayer for Ukraine 24 August 2023 - 11:01 On Independence Day of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in the solemn event "Prayer for Ukraine" held at St. Sophia Cathedral in Kyiv. President and First Lady honored memory of fallen defenders of Ukraine 24 August 2023 - 10:58 On Independence Day of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska honored the memory of our country's defenders fallen in the Russian-Ukrainian war. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the National Legend of Ukraine Presidential Award 23 August 2023 - 22:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in the presentation of the National Legend of Ukraine Presidential Award. We do not exchange our territories for any membership in any union - President of Ukraine 23 August 2023 - 21:22 Ukraine is fighting for the de-occupation of Crimea and all other Ukrainian territories temporarily occupied by Russia and is not ready to give up any of its lands in exchange for membership in any union. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives in the framework of the 3rd Summit of the International Crimea Platform in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with U.S. Senators 23 August 2023 - 20:33 The Head of State commended the bicameral and bipartisan support for Ukraine in the U.S. Congress and expressed special gratitude to the President of the United States and the entire American people for their leadership in defense and financial assistance to our country. 1 2 ... 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine