3 captures 08 Nov 2020 - 25 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 17 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240217215430/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-dyakuyemo-vsim-zavdyaki-komu-nad-cimi-mistami-znovu-zamaj-56217 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Do not ask Ukraine when the war will end. Ask yourself – why Putin is still able to continue it – speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Munich Security Conference 17 February 2024 - 12:58 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the International Task Force on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine in Munich 17 February 2024 - 23:20 President met with the President of the Czech Republic in Munich 17 February 2024 - 22:01 President of Ukraine had a phone call with U.S. President Joseph Biden 17 February 2024 - 21:52 In Munich, the Head of State met with the delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives 17 February 2024 - 21:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's participation in the 60th Munich Security Conference 17 February 2024 - 13:53 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We are grateful to everyone who contributed to the fact that the Ukrainian flags were hoisted over these cities again - President on the liberation of Sloviansk and Kramatorsk 5 July 2019 - 18:12 On July 5, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the memorial events on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of the liberation of Sloviansk and Kramatorsk from Russian occupation. In the course of the speech, the Head of State emphasized that it was an honor for him to be present in the place where the liberation of the Northern Donbas had begun, in particular Kramatorsk, Sloviansk and Bakhmut. "We are grateful to everyone who contributed to the fact that the Ukrainian flags were hoisted over these cities again - our military, volunteers, law enforcers. You did it, despite the numerical superiority of the enemy,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. "I would also like to mention the soldiers who heroically defended Kramatorsk airport, who have been surrounded for 47 days and spent 17 days with hardly any water," the President added. The Head of State expressed special gratitude to the residents of the liberated cities. "You were not standing aside, you were not afraid to get out on the streets with Ukrainian flags, you faced terrible days without water, light, communication. Some people, at the risk of life, made their way to Kramatorsk airport to help our military who were holding the line," he said, reminding that after that, there were billboards with slogans "Kramatorsk is Ukraine", “Sloviansk is Ukraine", which became a trend and were caught up by all liberated cities. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the memorial stone in honor of the deceased heroes had been laid on that site thanks to the volunteers and activists. And the Memorial was built thanks to the people from different cities of Ukraine. At the same time, he noted that he had been shocked by the fact that the state had not provided any help in that. “Such an attitude is inadmissible,” the President said. "I am not talking only about this Memorial. We will do everything to be able to say: Donbas is not just Ukraine, Donbas is a wealthy and prosperous Ukraine," he stressed. It should be noted that Volodymyr Zelenskyy was the first Ukrainian high-ranking official to visit this Memorial. The Head of State also put flowers to the memorials to the deceased soldiers - members of the ATO, in particular Major General Serhiy Kulchytsky, and the deceased heroes of the National Guard and the Ministry of Internal Affairs. The attendees honored memory of the deceased with a moment of silence. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine