7 captures 04 Apr 2020 - 15 Jun 2024 Sep OCT Nov 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221002155624/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-shodnya-robimo-vse-dlya-zabezpeche-60429 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos During this week more Ukrainian flags appeared in Donbas, there will be even more – address of President of Ukraine 1 October 2022 - 21:43 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy has phone talk with President of France 2 October 2022 - 18:22 We will ensure the systematic development of the Territorial Defense Forces, as the ability of people to defend themselves is the best foundation for national security - President 2 October 2022 - 16:55 Andriy Yermak started his visit to Türkiye and met with the leadership of the Baykar company 2 October 2022 - 14:59 During this week more Ukrainian flags appeared in Donbas, there will be even more – address of President of Ukraine 1 October 2022 - 21:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the meeting of the National Security and Defense Council 30 September 2022 - 15:33 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the President's Office: Everyday we do everything to provide health workers and Ukrainians with means of protection from coronavirus 31 March 2020 - 20:37 In order to counteract the spread of COVID-2019, the Ukrainian authorities are doing everything possible to ensure that doctors are provided with the means of protection and fight against the disease and that ordinary citizens have an opportunity to buy protection means in pharmacies, as stated by Head of the President’s Office Andriy Yermak. "This problem exists around the world, and even the US and European countries today also have problems with means of protection and hygiene. But today, the Office of the President, the Cabinet of Ministers, and all government agencies are doing everything to ensure that Ukraine is the first to get everything it needs. Everyday we receive cargoes. Not only central authorities, but also local authorities take part in this work,” Andriy Yermak said during an online briefing at the President's Office. According to him, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds daily meetings in the videoconference mode with the participation of government representatives, heads of regional state administrations, mayors. He constantly receives the latest, up-to-date information on the spread of coronavirus and makes appropriate decisions. “Certainly, we are getting reports every day that there are still problems with protection means in some pharmacy chains. But I am sure that in the shortest possible time this situation will be corrected, and it will be possible to buy everything necessary in every pharmacy,” Andriy Yermak emphasized. He also emphasized the importance of providing everything necessary for the health workers, so that they can quickly determine the correct diagnosis and be protected as well. "This is very important, and the problem is being solved every day to ensure that our medical staff, hospitals are fully equipped and provided with everything necessary," the Head of the President's Office noted. Andriy Yermak thanked business representatives, both large and small, who had joined the defense of the country against the spread of coronavirus. “Everyone is working harmoniously today, and I am sure that the challenges that Ukrainian society undergoes today unite us. I believe that we will pass this test and come out of it stronger,” he said. The Head of the President's Office urged citizens to comply with quarantine and avoid unnecessary contacts. “Today, it is very important for everyone to care about themselves, their loved ones, their parents who are at risk. Your health, your life is the most important thing,” Andriy Yermak summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine