11 captures 30 Nov 2021 - 11 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071637/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nadannya-yevropejskoyi-perspektivi-ukrayini-bude-logichnim-t-71041 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Giving Ukraine a European perspective will be a logical and expected step - President 12 October 2021 - 14:03 Giving a European perspective to Ukraine, which shares common values with the European Union, will be a logical and expected step, and in order to achieve this goal, our country will work hard with all EU countries. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following the 23rd Ukraine-European Union Summit. The President stressed that despite the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, Ukraine and the European Union prefer a live dialogue, which is becoming more intensive and meaningful year by year. "The 23rd Summit (Ukraine - EU - ed.) outlined our common achievements and common positions on the political association and integration of Ukraine into the EU internal market. We discussed in detail the progress in the implementation of the Association Agreement. It has become a driving force for European integration reforms and has taken our bilateral cooperation to a new level. Its ultimate goal is full integration into the European Union," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President noted that Ukraine expects courage and foresight from the leadership of the European Union and member states. "This is a clear signal and their vision of Ukraine as an integral part of European space," the President stressed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that Ukraine and the European Union have made significant progress since the previous Summit. In particular, the Agreement on the Common Aviation Area was signed today, the work on which lasted eight years. A number of other agreements were also signed. And the Joint Statement, which was adopted as a result of today's Summit, reflects the ambition of the Ukraine-EU agenda, the Head of State said. "This document contains strong signals in support of Ukraine's territorial integrity and independence, as well as Ukraine's integration into the political and economic space of the European Union," the President added. Also, according to him, negotiations on renewal of customs tariffs and revision of the deep and comprehensive free trade area are underway. "We are confident of moving towards an agreement on "industrial visa-free regime". We are planning to sign it at the next Ukraine-EU Summit," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Head of State also said that a dialogue on the European green course has begun, and Ukraine is ready to move towards climate neutrality together with the EU. In addition, the Summit participants discussed the fight against corruption and the completion of judicial reform in Ukraine. "This is our unconditional priority. The process of de-oligarchization has started. We have recorded a positive assessment from the EU as regards the adopted legislation in the Joint Statement," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The President also thanked the European Commission for allocating the second tranche of macro-financial assistance in the amount of 600 million euros in September this year. "This is proof of the high appreciation of Ukraine's progress in political and economic reforms and an important support for macroeconomic stability," the Ukrainian President said. President of the European Council Charles Michel noted that the integration of Ukraine and the European Union should be implemented in concrete steps. According to him, this will be facilitated by the agreements signed following the Summit. He stressed that the European Union condemns the illegal annexation of Crimea and supports the territorial integrity of Ukraine. "Our Joint Statement sets out the specific operational framework within which we can work together in the coming years and months, and allows us to speed up the rapprochement and communication between the European Union and Ukraine," said the President of the European Council. President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen stressed that the EU supports Ukraine on the path of reforms. "We will continue to support Ukraine's reform efforts. This concerns the reform of the judiciary, the Constitutional Court, the fight against corruption and the reduction of the influence of the oligarchs," said Ursula von der Leyen. ph The 23rd Ukraine-European Union Summit 12 October 2021 - 09:43 ph The 23rd Ukraine-European Union Summit 12 October 2021 - 09:43 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine