1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033138/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=86 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Joint Declaration of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of Estonia Kaja Kallas 24 April 2023 - 19:00 We reaffirm our support for the principles of international law, the inviolability of borders and the right of every state to choose its own path and security arrangements. We reiterate our demand that the Russian Federation immediately, completely and unconditionally withdraw all of its military forces from the territory of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders. President held a coordination meeting on the situation in the Zhytomyr region 24 April 2023 - 17:56 As part of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy's working visit to the Zhytomyr region, a coordination meeting was held on the security, socio-economic and socio-political situation in the region attended by the heads of security and defense forces and law enforcement agencies. President of Ukraine: We are working to release both military and civilians from captivity 24 April 2023 - 16:31 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that more than 2,230 people have already been released from Russian captivity, and Ukraine is constantly working to free all servicemen and civilians who are still in captivity. Estonia can rest assured that the victory of Ukraine in the war with the Russian Federation will be a guarantee of a historic outcome for all the nations of Europe – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after talks with Kaja Kallas in Zhytomyr 24 April 2023 - 16:21 During a working trip to the Zhytomyr region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Prime Minister of the Republic of Estonia Kaja Kallas, who arrived in our country on a visit. Our victory in this war will be shared by everyone who was bringing it closer - address by the President of Ukraine 23 April 2023 - 21:10 We continue to prepare several important international events that can give our state more strength and provide our soldiers with more weapons. Olena Zelenska spoke about the new Ukrainian bookshelves in the world 23 April 2023 - 11:43 In total, Ukrainian bookshelves under the patronage of the First Lady and with the support of the Ministry of Culture and Information Policy, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ukrainian Book Institute have already opened in 37 countries. 170 shelves have 44,000 publications. The task is to remove any opportunity for Russia to circumvent sanctions – address of Ukraine's President 22 April 2023 - 21:21 The tougher the sanctions regime against Russia, the more restrictions against the terrorist state and all related persons, against the entire Russian war economy, the faster the end of the aggression will be. And I thank everyone in the world who understands this. Andriy Yermak had phone talk with foreign policy advisors to heads of government of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Iceland, foreign policy advisor to Finland's President 21 April 2023 - 21:16 On behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak had a phone talk with the foreign policy advisors to the heads of government of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Iceland and the foreign policy advisor to the President of Finland. The parties discussed the formats of further support for Ukraine. Now we all need to stay united, mobilized and fully focused on defense – address of the President of Ukraine 21 April 2023 - 19:02 Everyone in Ukraine must understand that the main task of the state is the de-occupation of our territories, the return of our lands and our people from Russian captivity. State resources are directed primarily to this task. And I am grateful to everyone who helps. President held a meeting with the EBRD President 21 April 2023 - 16:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development Odile Renaud-Basso. 1 2 ... 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine