10 captures 09 Apr 2021 - 14 May 2025 Jan FEB Mar 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220215005623/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/predstavniki-vladi-povinni-pidtrimuvati-ukrayinskih-voyiniv-67881 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Government representatives must support Ukrainian warriors on the frontline - President 8 April 2021 - 20:27 Government representatives must regularly visit the frontline positions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions to support our defenders, especially when there is an aggravation on the touch line, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a working trip to Donbas. "Ukrainian government representatives must be here. At least one by one. It is very important. It is important, above all, for the military. It is important for them to understand that they are supported by the government, that the government is not hiding in offices, but stays where it is really difficult. Where people are really heroes. Where people really determine the fate of Ukraine, defending it. Who will work in high offices if there is no one to defend the country?” said the Head of State. The President noted that today the security situation in the area of the Joint Forces Operation is deteriorating. Enemy snipers are shooting at the positions of the Ukrainian military, which leads to casualties and injuries among our warriors. "We are visiting all these locations, where over the last period - from January 1 - there is the largest escalation and the largest number of complications with the regime of "silence", the largest number of wounded and dead," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy, adding that since the beginning of the year 26 Ukrainians warriors have been killed. In particular, the Head of State visited the positions of our military located 80 meters from the enemy. On this section of the frontline, Ukrainian defenders are constantly fired at by enemy snipers, and the surrounding area is mined. The shelling destroyed the surrounding infrastructure. In another area visited by the President, many soldiers have been killed in the last two weeks of escalation. "It's a very complicated area. Four of our soldiers were killed by the invaders. Two more were wounded. That is six people. Unfortunately, there was such a situation, one soldier, who helped and rescued them, was killed by the mine explosion," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He added that the servicemen are doing everything to protect the Ukrainian state and ensure a ceasefire. "But we understand that when our warriors are attacked and there are casualties, everyone understands that the army is responsible," the Supreme Commander-in-Chief said. ph Working trip to Donbas 8 April 2021 - 15:05 ph Working trip to Donbas 8 April 2021 - 15:05 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine