10 captures 14 Jul 2023 - 22 Jan 2026 Jun JUL Aug 14 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230714221405/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/deklaraciya-shodo-pidtrimki-ukrayini-zakripit-diyu-garantij-84273 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every thousand meters of advancement, every success of each of our combat brigades deserves gratitude - address by the President of Ukraine 14 July 2023 - 19:55 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak told Ukrainian and foreign journalists about the results of the President's recent foreign visits and the NATO Summit in Vilnius 14 July 2023 - 23:00 Every thousand meters of advancement, every success of each of our combat brigades deserves gratitude - address by the President of Ukraine 14 July 2023 - 19:53 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with the Indian delegation headed by Secretary (West) of the Ministry of External Affairs of India 14 July 2023 - 15:00 Six states have already joined the G7 countries with which we agreed on security guarantees for Ukraine yesterday - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 July 2023 - 22:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania 11 July 2023 - 19:38 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: Declaration of support for Ukraine will consolidate security guarantees for our country until NATO membership 12 July 2023 - 16:52 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the approval by the G7 countries of the Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine will be the first decision that will put in writing the security guarantees for our country on the path to NATO integration. "If today the G7 agrees on the first major declaration on security guarantees, it will be a concrete fact, because it says that these guarantees are valid on the way to NATO. And this is extremely important. It will be a very concrete signal," the Head of State said at the press conference following the meeting with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in Vilnius. He noted that these security guarantees will be the first legal formalization of the assistance that Ukraine has received since the start of Russia's full-scale invasion and will continue to receive from its partners. "It is very important that this may become the first legal document that symbolizes that we have such an "umbrella" of security guarantees. And then Ukraine will have documents on real relations with each security guarantor state, and there will be all the things that we have or lack today: air defense, aviation, etc. It will definitely be at the bilateral level," the President stated. He also noted that this document is open, and other non-G7 countries can join the provision of security guarantees for Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy added that the new document should be in effect until our country becomes a full member of the North Atlantic Alliance, which will be the best guarantee of security for Ukraine and Ukrainians. The Head of State particularly thanked U.S. President Joseph Biden for the decision to provide Ukraine with cluster munitions. "I want us to look at it like this: it's about justice. Russia is constantly using cluster munitions on our territory, fighting exclusively on our land, killing our people, using cluster munitions for many years. The assistance that we can receive from the United States regarding cluster munitions is exclusively for military purposes, exclusively for use on the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He emphasized that the use of this ammunition is absolutely controlled and will not be used on the territory of other states. The President also emphasized that Ukraine still needs long-range weapons. "This deficit has not disappeared, and I will raise this issue," the Head of State noted. ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania 11 July 2023 - 19:38 ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania 11 July 2023 - 19:38 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine