4 captures 14 Dec 2024 - 10 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241214155952/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=30-11-2023&date-to=30-11-2024&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, We Already Have Preliminary Data That the Russians Have Begun to Use North Korean Soldiers in Their Assaults – Address by the President 14 December 2024 - 16:39 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We Must Not Allow Anyone in the World to Doubt the Resilience of the Entire Ukraine – Annual Message of the President to the Verkhovna Rada 19 November 2024 - 14:01 1,000 days of this war. 1,000 days since Ukrainians kicked Putin in the teeth. We must end this war – and end it justly. But we must do it in a way that ensures Putin, no matter how toothless, never returns to Ukraine. A Department of Ukrainian Studies Will Be Established at the University of Ljubljana in Slovenia 19 November 2024 - 13:57 During her visit to Slovenia, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with the faculty and administration of the University of Ljubljana. Olena Zelenska Begins Visit to Slovenia 18 November 2024 - 22:36 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska has begun her visit to Slovenia to participate in the meeting of the Enhancing Human Security Fund. During the event, she will present projects aimed at supporting children, adolescents, and families affected by the war. Yermak-McFaul International Sanctions Group Proposes New Effective Steps to Strengthen Energy Sanctions 18 November 2024 - 19:48 The Yermak-McFaul International Sanctions Group has released a new working paper titled “Next Steps on Energy Sanctions: Tools for Increasing Pressure on Russia in 2025.” Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Defenders of Kupyansk 18 November 2024 - 19:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the 14th separate mechanized brigade named after Prince Roman the Great to meet with the defenders of Kupyansk. He also held a meeting with Commander of the Starobilsk Operational-Tactical Group Serhiy Perets, Deputy Prime Minister for the Restoration of Ukraine – Minister for Communities and Territories Development Oleksiy Kuleba, and Head of Kharkiv Regional Military Administration Oleh Syniehubov. The Strength of Our Entire Ukrainian Army Is the People Who Serve Faithfully and Steadfastly – Address by the President 18 November 2024 - 17:50 I am grateful to all sergeants who truly set an example for soldiers. In the Donetsk Region, the President Received Reports from the Regional Authorities and Inspected the Construction of Fortifications 18 November 2024 - 15:38 In Kramatorsk, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the Head of the Donetsk Regional Military Administration, Vadym Filashkin, and the Commander of the Operational Tactical Group Luhansk, Major General Mykhailo Drapatyi. President Visited Pokrovsk and Congratulated the Warriors on Sergeant's Day 18 November 2024 - 14:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the location of the 25th separate airborne Sicheslav brigade, which is defending Pokrovsk. The “Dove of Peace” Sent Us Yet Another Barrage of “Kinzhal” and “Kalibr” Missiles; That’s His Diplomacy – Address by the President 17 November 2024 - 22:25 One of the Victory Plan's key points is long-range capabilities for our army. Today, there’s a lot of talk in the media about us receiving permission for respective actions. But strikes are not carried out with words. Such things are not announced. Missiles will speak for themselves. Unity of Ukrainian Youth Is Crucial to Us – President Meets with Representatives of Student Self-Governance 17 November 2024 - 15:00 Yesterday, on the eve of International Students’ Day, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of student self-governance bodies from over 200 higher education institutions in Ukraine. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine