37 captures 07 Nov 2023 - 06 Dec 2025 Oct NOV Dec 07 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231107213740/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-z-amerikanskim-biznesmenom-oleksandr-86817 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine means strengthening of the entire European community for the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 November 2023 - 22:10 View all videos n latest news Ukraine means strengthening of the entire European community for the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 November 2023 - 22:08 Andriy Yermak discussed with American businessman Alexander Soros the restoration of infrastructure and investments in the Ukrainian economy 7 November 2023 - 15:56 Olena Zelenska had a video call with First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda 7 November 2023 - 09:31 The battle that determines the fate of the state and people is now underway; it is not the right time for elections – address by the President of Ukraine 6 November 2023 - 21:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 4 November 2023 - 12:19 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed with American businessman Alexander Soros the restoration of infrastructure and investments in the Ukrainian economy 7 November 2023 - 15:56 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with American businessman and philanthropist, chairman of the Open Society Foundations, Alexander Soros. The meeting was also attended by Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Roman Mashovets, Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office Daria Zarivna, Vice President for Advocacy and Communications at Open Society Foundations Laura Silber, and Executive Director of the International Renaissance Foundation Oleksandr Sushko. The parties discussed opportunities for developing the Ukrainian economy. In this context, they noted the importance of reconstruction and restoration of infrastructure, as well as the implementation of investment projects. The participants emphasized the importance of seizing Russian assets and transferring them to rebuild Ukraine, as well as increasing sanctions pressure on Russia. In particular, Andriy Yermak emphasized the need to continue working to block the ways in which the aggressor country circumvents the existing restrictions and to impose sanctions against Russian military-industrial companies engaged in the production of missiles and drones, which then attack Ukrainian civilian and infrastructure facilities. Special attention was paid to the situation on the frontline. The Head of the Presidential Office outlined the current needs of the Ukrainian defense forces. In the context of support for Ukrainian defenders, the interlocutors exchanged views on the development of the veterans' movement in our country and support for veterans' organizations. "We are pleased with the desire of American entrepreneurs – friends of Ukraine – to help our country prevail in the war of aggression unleashed by Russia. We appreciate their contribution to this victory," emphasized Andriy Yermak. Daria Zarivna briefed the participants on President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Bring Kids Back UA plan to return Ukrainian children abducted by Russia in the occupied territories of our country. She emphasized that this strategic plan is in line with the Ukrainian Peace Formula's provision on the release of all captives and deportees. The Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President also spoke about the crimes committed by Russia against Ukrainian children in the occupied territories. Andriy Yermak also held a separate bilateral meeting with Alexander Soros. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine