5 captures 28 Feb 2024 - 19 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 28 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240228053531/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-i-baronesa-gelena-kennedi-obgovorili-podalshi-87605 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Cooperation and determination are the two answers to the question of ending the war and bringing peace closer – address by the President of Ukraine 26 February 2024 - 19:34 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud in Saudi Arabia 27 February 2024 - 19:00 Stories of Ukrainian children were told at the UN Headquarters as part of the Stolen Voices information campaign 27 February 2024 - 11:27 Andriy Yermak: Returning Crimea under the Ukrainian flag is the only effective way to guarantee security for the whole of Europe 27 February 2024 - 09:39 Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the forum "26-2-14: The War Began in Crimea" 27 February 2024 - 00:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 27 February 2024 - 18:31 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Baroness Helena Kennedy discussed further steps in cooperation to return unlawfully deported Ukrainian children 9 December 2023 - 11:25 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with the renowned human rights lawyer, civil liberties and child protection advocate, Director of the International Bar Association's Human Rights Institute, Baroness Helena Kennedy KC, who is visiting Ukraine. Helena Kennedy is the co-chair of the international high-level group of experts Bring Kids Back UA and arrived in Kyiv to participate in the first meeting of the International Coalition of Countries for the Return of Ukrainian Children. Andriy Yermak thanked Baroness Kennedy for her visit and support of Ukraine's efforts to return its underage citizens who were unlawfully deported and forcibly displaced by Russia. "This is important for us. In my opinion, everything that the coalition works on together with our Bring Kids Back UA group is extremely important," the head of the Office of the President said at the beginning of the meeting. The participants emphasized the importance of intensifying efforts to develop new effective mechanisms by the coalition and the group. It would significantly increase the number of children returned to Ukraine, according to Andriy Yermak and Baroness Helena Kennedy KC. They drew attention to the importance of how international organizations perceive the issue of deported children and the steps that would contribute to their return. The head of the Office of the President and Baroness Kennedy also discussed the involvement of representatives from different countries, and leaders, including religious leaders, in the effort to return children. Andriy Yermak expressed the belief that discussing this direction is crucial for achieving the result of returning children to their families and homeland. "I fully support the involvement of various participants, especially representatives from the Global South as intermediaries or negotiation participants," he said. Baroness Kennedy informed about her meetings in Kyiv and her visit to Geneva, intended to facilitate the return of Ukrainian children. She emphasized the difficulty for children to live without parents, far from their relatives. She highlighted the importance of intensifying efforts to return as many children as possible to their families. "I think you should seize this opportunity to try. Let's see if we can achieve this great goal. We want to make efforts for about 500 children to be returned by Easter next year," Helena Kennedy said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine