2 captures 08 Mar 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Feb MAR Apr 08 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230308192153/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-povinni-mati-u-svoyemu-arsenali-efektivni-ta-diyevi-mehan-81329 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Volodymyr Zelenskyy's greetings on International Women's Day 8 March 2023 - 12:07 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to women who distinguished themselves in the defense of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity 8 March 2023 - 17:42 It is now and in Ukraine that the future of the UN is being decided - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with António Guterres in Kyiv 8 March 2023 - 17:16 Volodymyr Zelenskyy's greetings on International Women's Day 8 March 2023 - 11:59 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 8 March 2023 - 08:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the UN Secretary-General in Kyiv 8 March 2023 - 16:39 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office We must have effective and efficient mechanisms to fight corruption - Andriy Yermak on Ukraine's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery 27 February 2023 - 22:02 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a regular meeting of the Ukrainian working group to develop proposals for Ukraine's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery in International Business Transactions. Andriy Yermak said that an official letter from the OECD has already been received, confirming that Ukraine has been granted the status of a member of the OECD Working Group on Bribery in International Business Transactions. The President's Office has worked on the letter in response together with the Cabinet of Ministers, and it will soon be officially submitted to the OECD Secretary-General for ratification of the relevant agreement between the OECD and Ukraine. "We are well aware that the status of a member of the OECD Working Group on Bribery is the first step towards our country's membership in the OECD. Therefore, we must work even harder to obtain this status as soon as possible. As a state, we must have effective and efficient mechanisms to fight corruption," emphasized Andriy Yermak. He noted that membership in the OECD Working Group on Bribery would be an additional factor in the transparency and accountability of Ukraine's post-war reconstruction. As the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized, we can’t stop once Ukraine becomes a member of the working group, so a clear plan for further steps to join the OECD should be developed in advance. "I would like to see a plan for what we, as a state, are going to do next, so that we can move forward without delay, as we have both the request to fight corruption inside the country and the support of our partners in this process," the Head of the Presidential Office said. Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Smyrnov, for his part, noted that since the last meeting of their working group, work had been done to harmonize national legislation in line with the requirements of the OECD Working Group. In particular, they discussed the issue of legal responsibility of legal entities for bribery of a foreign official, as well as the issue of preventing the deduction of amounts related to the commission of a corruption criminal offense by a taxpayer. "In my opinion, we held a very powerful and constructive conference of all those involved in the elaboration of liability of legal entities. All subjects of the anti-corruption bloc, the full working group, experts were involved, and initial draft amendments to the legislation were developed," said Andriy Smyrnov. As a result, the draft law on liability for international bribery is being worked on, and legislative amendments to the Tax Code of Ukraine are in the final stages and will soon be submitted to the Parliament. The Ministry of Economy, with the involvement of other bodies and organizations, including the Export Credit Agency, was instructed to fill out the questionnaire in March and provide the relevant materials to the Secretariat of the Working Group for processing. It was also agreed that Ukraine would participate in a meeting of the OECD Working Group in March this year. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine