1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221553/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Justin Trudeau signed an updated Free Trade Agreement between Ukraine and Canada 22 September 2023 - 22:47 The document will facilitate the creation of a new favorable climate for economic relations between the two countries, for the development of trade in goods and services, investment, the formation of a developed competitive market economy in line with national priorities, the development of its key industries, the implementation of systemic reforms and the improvement of the overall well-being of the population. President and First Lady of Ukraine meet with Governor General of Canada in Ottawa 22 September 2023 - 19:45 The Head of State thanked for Canada's firm stance in support of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. President of Ukraine meets with Prime Minister of Canada in Ottawa 22 September 2023 - 18:57 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Justin Trudeau will discuss Ukraine's defense needs, further financial and humanitarian support for our country, as well as expanding opportunities for economic and investment cooperation. To prevent universities and libraries from burning anywhere in the world, evil and aggression must be punished - Olena Zelenska during her visit to Georgetown University 22 September 2023 - 16:03 Olena Zelenska visited Georgetown University. It is the oldest university in Washington, D.C., and the oldest Catholic university in the United States. It was founded in 1789. President met with the most influential American entrepreneurs 22 September 2023 - 12:41 The parties discussed the prospects for attracting the largest American business to rebuild Ukraine and implement investment projects. Speech by the President and the First Lady of Ukraine to the U.S. government and business representatives, media and Ukrainian community 22 September 2023 - 12:02 You support us. And we know we shall not fall. And we see how our freedom keeps the snatch of a bulldog. And we are confident that other nations will not have to throw their armies into this battle, because Ukraine is capable of ending this war with a victory that will become our common victory. Volodymyr Zelenskyy on strengthening Ukraine's long-range capabilities: The moment will come - we will all see it 22 September 2023 - 10:30 Ukraine is working hard to obtain long-range weapons, and the results of this work will be visible in some time. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy while speaking to Ukrainian journalists in Washington. Olena Zelenska met with U.S. First Lady Jill Biden 22 September 2023 - 09:00 In Washington, D.C., First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with First Lady of the United States Jill Biden. The wife of the President of Ukraine thanked Jill Biden for supporting our country and its citizens. We will work together for Ukraine to produce the necessary weapons together with America - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 September 2023 - 04:37 We are preparing to create a new defense ecosystem together with the United States to produce weapons to further reinforce freedom and the protection of life together. President of Ukraine following the meeting with the President of the United States in Washington: We have exactly what our soldiers need 22 September 2023 - 02:30 In the framework of his working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with U.S. President Joseph Biden. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine