1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309051520/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=86 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak met with ambassadors of G7, Sweden and EU as regards Donbas peace process and corporate governance reform 13 May 2021 - 19:18 At a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7, Sweden and the European Union, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak informed the diplomats about the latest initiatives of our country on the peace process to end the war in Donbas and on the corporate governance reform. President on the signing of framework agreements between Ukraine and France: This is important both for the Luhansk region and for the capital 13 May 2021 - 14:31 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy commended the conclusion of four framework agreements totaling more than 1.3 billion euros by the governments of Ukraine and France. These documents were signed during the visit of Minister of Economy and Finance of France Bruno Le Maire to Ukraine. President got himself acquainted with the capabilities of the UA30 Cybercenter, which will ensure cyber protection of government agencies, businesses and citizens 13 May 2021 - 13:18 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the presentation of the UA30 Cybercenter established on the basis of the State Service for Special Communication and Information Protection of Ukraine to protect state information resources, critical information infrastructure and Ukrainian cyberspace in general. One of the topics of a possible meeting between the Presidents of Ukraine and Russia may be the state of implementation of the Paris Summit agreements - Andriy Yermak 13 May 2021 - 11:53 The terms of the meeting between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of Russia Vladimir Putin are being agreed, but it is too early to announce the details. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak in a comment to RBC-Ukraine. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of Romania 12 May 2021 - 18:59 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of Romania Klaus Iohannis. President met with the Speaker of the Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania 12 May 2021 - 18:41 The Ukrainian President noted the importance of the Speaker's first official visit to Ukraine as evidence of the traditionally high dynamics of the Ukrainian-Lithuanian political dialogue. The President thanked Lithuania for supporting Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty. There is a decrease in the incidence of COVID-19 for the seventh week in a row in Ukraine - meeting with the President 11 May 2021 - 14:16 There is a positive trend in the situation with the incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine according to all indicators. This was announced by Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal during a conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Educational institution for training of cybersecurity specialists will be established in Ukraine - Head of State 11 May 2021 - 12:48 In order to more efficiently combat cybercrime in Ukraine, it is planned to create an educational institution to train specialists in the field of cybersecurity. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an interview for Ukrainian TV channels in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Country Security" in Kyiv. Due to the joint efforts of Ukraine and international partners, there is a decrease in the number of shots in Donbas, although the provocations have not stopped - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 May 2021 - 12:35 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that today, due to the joint efforts of Ukraine and international partners, there is a decrease in the number of cases of violation of the regime of silence in Donbas, although the enemy’s provocations have not stopped. Ukraine doesn’t want a war, yet must have a powerful and capable army for peace - President 11 May 2021 - 11:50 The development of the Concept of a National Resilience System, which provides for the fulfillment of the basic requirements of NATO, is currently being finalized. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the forum "Ukraine 30. Country Security" in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine