3 captures 19 Mar 2023 - 18 Apr 2025 Feb MAR Apr 19 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230319082343/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dinamika-yevrointegracijnogo-postupu-ukrayini-maye-bazuvatis-81145 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos When Ukraine defends itself, when the power of justice are restored on our land, it will guarantee peace for many other parts of the world as well – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2023 - 21:26 View all videos n latest news When Ukraine defends itself, when the power of justice are restored on our land, it will guarantee peace for many other parts of the world as well – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2023 - 21:24 Sanctions against Russia are working, but there are opportunities to toughen them – study conducted by Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group jointly with KSE experts 18 March 2023 - 17:59 Representatives of Ukraine and the United States discussed repelling aggression 18 March 2023 - 00:05 Today, our youth have huge opportunities to declare themselves and do a lot for Ukraine in the world – Andriy Yermak at a meeting with students of the Institute of International Relations 17 March 2023 - 21:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The dynamics of Ukraine's European integration progress should be based on success in reforms - Ihor Zhovkva 21 February 2023 - 19:35 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with a delegation of the European Parliament's Special Committee on Foreign Interference in All Democratic Processes in the EU, including Disinformation. Ihor Zhovkva thanked the representatives of the European Parliament, who are on an official visit to Ukraine, for their comprehensive assistance to our country in the fight against Russian armed aggression, as well as for the exemplary leadership of this institution in making bold and important decisions for the victory of our country. "The European Parliament is an institution that is always one step ahead in making decisions that ultimately affect Ukraine's success. It was the European Parliament that was the first to support Ukraine's application for EU membership on February 28, 2022, and the very next day adopted a resolution calling on the European Union to grant Ukraine the status of a candidate for membership," the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. Ihor Zhovkva emphasized the important recent resolutions of the European Parliament. They act as a driving force for increasing assistance to Ukraine from European partners to win on the battlefield. These resolutions also play a significant role in creating the legal framework necessary to record Ukraine's victory, bring Russia to justice for crimes on the territory of our country and compensate for losses. The parties also discussed the state of implementation of seven recommendations of the European Commission by Ukraine. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office expressed hope that the European Commission would positively assess Ukraine's progress this spring and that our country would be included in this year's EU Enlargement Package with a recommendation to start accession negotiations. "The dynamics of Ukraine's European integration progress should be based on the country's success in reforming. We are at the final stage of implementing all seven recommendations of the European Commission. Therefore, we expect a positive interim opinion of the European Commission on their implementation this spring, as well as the inclusion of Ukraine in the annual EU Enlargement Package with a recommendation to immediately start negotiations on accession to the European Union," said Ihor Zhovkva. The parties also exchanged views on the levers and directions of increasing sanctions pressure on the Russian Federation. They also discussed the modalities of implementing President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula and the involvement of the entire civilized world in the Global Peace Formula Summit and the practical implementation of its ten components. "We count on the participation of the European Union and all civilized countries in the Global Peace Formula Summit. After Ukraine's victory, we must together record Russia's defeat and determine the format of coexistence with this state, whose essence will always remain aggressive," the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office summarized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine