1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309054137/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=48 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I came to change the country, I don't need power for the sake of power 3 October 2021 - 15:18 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that he does not seek the concentration of power and starts dealing with certain problems when they become large-scale or dangerous and the government does not have enough powers to solve them. He stated this during a press conference in Truskavets. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Comprehensive plan for Ukraine's transformation should contribute to economic growth and, in particular, reintegration of Donbas 3 October 2021 - 13:47 Ukraine's transformation plan, which was recently discussed by deputies at a meeting in Truskavets, should systematically contribute to GDP growth and investment, as well as infrastructure development in the east of the country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference in the Lviv region. Head of State: I am ready to meet with Vladimir Putin in both vis-a-vis and Normandy format 3 October 2021 - 13:35 resident of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy would like to meet with President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin in both vis-a-vis and Normandy format, as such talks will be substantive and effective. Ukraine always returns its citizens, including Saakashvili - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 October 2021 - 13:13 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that he is using all his opportunities to release Ukrainian citizens and return them to Ukraine, including Ukrainian citizen Mikheil Saakashvili. With such legislative initiatives as the law on oligarchs, I defend the statehood of Ukraine - President 3 October 2021 - 13:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that his meetings with representatives of big business should be public, as their main consequence is political responsibility. The Head of State said this during a press conference in the Lviv region. Today, Ukraine has agency in the international arena, it is the first in digitization and road construction, and we should be proud of that - President at a meeting with deputies of the Servant of the People 2 October 2021 - 23:47 During a working trip to the Lviv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a meeting with deputies of the Servant of the People political party and the leadership of the central executive bodies, which took place in Truskavets. President received credentials from the Apostolic Nuncio, Ambassadors of Israel and Latvia 1 October 2021 - 18:14 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy received credentials from the Apostolic Nuncio, Ambassadors of the State of Israel and the Republic of Latvia. President at a meeting with educators and winners of international academic competitions: A teacher is one who fills a person with meaning, light and values 1 October 2021 - 13:15 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the winners of international academic competitions, their teachers, winners of the Teacher of the Year competition and members of the Board of the Presidential Fund for Education, Science and Sports. Andriy Yermak called on the participants of the working meeting on judicial reform to hold an open dialogue in order to implement the necessary changes as soon as possible 30 September 2021 - 22:00 A working meeting on the state of implementation of judicial reform in Ukraine was held at the President's Office with the participation of the ambassadors of the G7 countries. Congress of Local and Regional Authorities with the participation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy considered the issue of waste management and providing the population with drinking water 30 September 2021 - 16:44 The President noted that the issue of waste management is extremely important, as in Ukraine only 4% of solid waste is sorted as landfills and illegal dumps are overfilled. 1 2 ... 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine