5 captures 09 Jan 2024 - 17 Nov 2025 Dec JAN Feb 09 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240109201934/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mehanizmi-napracovani-ekspertnoyu-grupoyu-bring-kids-back-ua-88157 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every aspect of logistics in the army needs to be expedited – address by the President of Ukraine 9 January 2024 - 19:33 View all videos n latest news Every aspect of logistics in the army needs to be expedited – address by the President of Ukraine 9 January 2024 - 19:32 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Alexander De Croo discussed support for Ukraine's European integration during Belgium's presidency of the Council of the European Union 9 January 2024 - 19:12 President of Ukraine had a phone call with the President of Poland: Our common border should be a border of unity 9 January 2024 - 18:24 Presidents of Ukraine and Romania discussed economic cooperation and defense support for Ukraine 9 January 2024 - 17:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Liberation of 230 Ukrainian warriors and civilians from Russian captivity 3 January 2024 - 21:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The mechanisms developed by the Bring Kids Back UA task force will help return Ukrainian children and form the basis for improving the international law framework – Andriy Yermak 9 January 2024 - 14:13 The first meeting of the Bring Kids Back UA International Task Force was held in the format of a video conference with the participation of Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak. The event was also attended by Dmytro Lubinets, Ukrainian Parliament Commissioner for Human Rights, Daria Herasymchuk, Advisor – Presidential Commissioner for Children's Rights and Child Rehabilitation, and more than 20 renowned experts on the protection of children's rights in the context of armed conflicts and senior specialists in the humanitarian, legal and diplomatic fields. Andriy Yermak thanked Baroness Helena Kennedy, Co-Chair of the International Task Force, a renowned lawyer specializing in human rights, civil liberties and child protection, Director of the Human Rights Institute of the International Bar Association, and the participants of the meeting for supporting Ukraine and its people during the full-scale Russian invasion and particularly in the issue of returning Ukrainian children illegally deported and forcibly displaced by Russia. "At least 20 thousand children have been abducted by Russia. And this is only according to official data. The terrorist state does not provide any information about the whereabouts of our children to any international organizations or states," he said. The Head of the Presidential Office stated: "Ukraine has evidence of the horrors experienced by Ukrainian children in Russia and the temporarily occupied territories, including psychological pressure and "brainwashing." This is evidenced by the children themselves, who were returned to Ukraine. "Our children are hostages in Russia. Our mission is to end their suffering and bring them all home," emphasized Andriy Yermak. According to the Head of the Presidential Office, since the current global security system has proven ineffective, it is necessary to create tools that will be efficient in returning children. It is for this purpose that the Bring Kids Back UA task force was established and is starting its work today. "The mechanisms and tools that the group can come up with can be used not only to end the suffering in Ukraine, but also to prevent similar situations in the world in the future," the Head of the Presidential Office summarized. The group will focus on developing expert opinions and recommendations to propose practical steps and mechanisms for the return of Ukrainian children. Also, using the experience of Ukraine, the members of the group should work on improving the existing international legal framework to prevent similar situations of violation of children's rights around the world. According to Andriy Yermak, this goal can be achieved only through joint coordinated efforts of Ukraine, the expert community, and the international community, so last month the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children was established to serve as a platform for coordinating the efforts of our country and partner states. Baroness Helena Kennedy, Co-Chair of the International Task Force, called the issue of returning illegally deported Ukrainian children extremely important. According to her, a strategy for implementing the tasks and coordination of the world in the important work to return Ukrainian children from Russia are needed, as in the future these mechanisms and Ukraine's experience will become the basis for improving international law. “The abduction of children, the taking of children away from family, from the place that they know, to deracinate them, to take their sense of who they are and identity from them is a hugely damaging thing to do to a nation. So as well as bombarding you, you're experiencing the theft of your young. And I think that's why we have the sympathy of so much of the world as to what has happened in this regard,” Helena Kennedy said, adding that many countries are willing to join the elaboration of effective mechanisms. Dmytro Lubinets, the Verkhovna Rada Commissioner for Human Rights, emphasized that the international community, and this task force in particular, should force Russia to comply with the Convention on the Rights of the Child and international humanitarian law. He noted that Russia often does not provide any information about the whereabouts of a minor citizen of Ukraine, and it takes a long time to prove that it is indeed a Ukrainian child. According to the ombudsman, sometimes it is possible to return a child thanks to Ukraine's convening of a special meeting of the UN Security Council, sometimes with the help of relatives who decided to come to Russia and take their children back, or with the assistance of intermediaries, in particular Qatar. The assistance of UNICEF has also been effective. "We are ready to engage any of the international intermediaries who can really show results: help us bring a Ukrainian child from the territory of the Russian Federation to the territory of Ukraine. We will definitely not reject any initiatives or intermediaries," said Dmytro Lubinets. The developments of the Bring Kids Back UA International Task Force are expected to play an important role in determining the priorities and activities of the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children, formed in early December 2023, whose inaugural meeting was held in Kyiv. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine