10 captures 08 Feb 2022 - 17 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220208152341/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/partnerstvo-ukrayini-ta-franciyi-u-sferi-bezpeki-sogodni-may-72761 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news Today, the partnership between Ukraine and France in the field of security is of special importance - President 8 February 2022 - 17:04 Following the meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and France in Kyiv, a number of bilateral documents were signed 8 February 2022 - 16:19 The launch of "Diia City" will allow Ukraine to become the largest IT hub in Europe - President 8 February 2022 - 14:02 Vaccinated Ukrainians over the age of 60 will be able to get a free smartphone and Internet on preferential terms - President 8 February 2022 - 13:31 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of France 8 February 2022 - 13:14 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Today, the partnership between Ukraine and France in the field of security is of special importance - President 8 February 2022 - 17:04 Ukraine and France share a common vision of current threats and security challenges for our country, Europe and the world at large. That is why the partnership of our states in the field of security is of special importance today. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following talks with President of France Emmanuel Macron in Kyiv. "France plays an active role within the Normandy format. And we greatly appreciate the official position of Paris and the personal efforts of Mr. Emmanuel Macron to achieve peace in Ukraine - he is doing a lot for this," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. According to the President of Ukraine, today the peace process was one of the key issues of negotiations with his French counterpart. "We expect that in the near future, in accordance with the agreements reached during the Paris Summit in December 2019, we will be able to hold the next talks of the leaders of the Normandy Four. An important step in this direction is the intensification of dialogue at the level of political advisers. We hope that the meeting in Paris, which took place on January 26, 2022, and the upcoming talks in Berlin will bring us closer to holding the Normandy Summit,” said the President of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that he and the President of France share a common vision of current threats and security challenges for our country, Europe and the world at large. "They demand unity and new proactive approaches from European leadership. We will continue to cooperate for the deoccupation of part of the territory of Ukraine," he stressed. "Today, the security and economic support for Ukraine from partners, strengthening its resilience and defense capabilities is beneficial for the region as a whole and, I am sure, for all countries of the European Union," the President added. In this context, Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the steps of solidarity on the part of France and the decision to allocate 1.2 billion euros of macro-financial assistance, which will help strengthen Ukraine's economic stability. The President also noted that the countries are developing cooperation not only in the security sector, but in almost all areas, so an important issue of the meeting with Emmanuel Macron was the involvement of France in joint economic and, above all, infrastructure projects. These include the implementation of an important project for drinking water treatment in Mariupol, the Donetsk region, and the reconstruction of a water supply system in the town of Popasna, the Luhansk region. Thanks to these projects, half a million Mariupol residents and more than a million residents of the Luhansk region will have access to quality drinking water, the Ukrainian President stressed. "In general, we held meaningful, very effective talks today. I am personally grateful to Emmanuel Macron. Thank you for France's support to Ukraine. I am convinced that our talks will give impetus to many important things. And the most important thing is the security of our state, the security of Europe," the President summed up. For his part, Emmanuel Macron noted the path of reforms that Ukraine has covered, as well as the restraint shown by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy despite the concentration of troops on Ukraine's borders. "France and Germany will play a mediating role in resolving the conflict in the format of the Normandy Four, in particular at the level of heads of state," he emphasized. The President of France noted that Ukraine reaffirms its readiness to implement the Minsk agreements, which are a path to de-escalation and lasting peace. Emmanuel Macron added that during the recent talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin, he also received confirmation of Russia's readiness to continue implementing these agreements. In addition, the French leader expressed his desire to restore peace on the European continent, which he had already discussed at the talks in Russia and Ukraine. According to him, in the near future it is necessary to work together on a new mechanism to guarantee security, which will ensure de-escalation and enhance security. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of France 8 February 2022 - 13:14 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of France 8 February 2022 - 13:14 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine