1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309052443/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=78 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak: The United States shares our position that it is impossible to solve any issues related to Ukraine without Ukraine 9 June 2021 - 18:24 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak is convinced that the United States will adhere to the principled position of supporting Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity during a meeting between US President Joe Biden and Russian President Vladimir Putin on June 16 in Geneva. Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the frontline: I am inspired by the heroism of our military 9 June 2021 - 18:11 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline of defense, where the enemy shelling has been taking place recently. The Ukrainian positions visited by the Head of State are located 700 meters from the enemy. President is on a working trip to the Donetsk region 9 June 2021 - 11:35 The Head of State will visit the frontline positions of the Ukrainian military in the area of the Joint Forces Operation and talk to the soldiers serving on the frontline. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Justin Trudeau discussed joint steps to deepen Ukraine-Canada partnership 9 June 2021 - 09:39 The parties coordinated positions on key issues on the agenda on the eve of the forthcoming G7 and NATO summits. During a meeting of the Chamber of Regions of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities, the President offered to achieve a common goal - one new park in each community 8 June 2021 - 21:37 An important function of the Chamber of Regions of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine should be to balance different views on regional development. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting of the Chamber of Regions of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President, which took place in Dnipro. Ihor Zhovkva and representatives of EU institutions discussed key issues on the agenda of relations between Ukraine and the European Union 8 June 2021 - 21:30 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Managing Director for Russia, Eastern Partnership, Central Asia, Regional Cooperation and the OSCE at the European External Action Service Michael Siebert and Deputy Director General of the Directorate for European Neighborhood and Enlargement Negotiations of the European Commission Katarína Mathernová. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a museum in Dnipro dedicated to the feat of the defenders of Ukraine 8 June 2021 - 20:46 During a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy watched the expositions of the museum "Civil Feat of the Dnipropetrovsk Region in the Events of ATO/JFO" in the city of Dnipro. Deputy Head of the Office of the President and EU officials discussed ways to resolve issues in judicial reform 8 June 2021 - 19:58 During the discussion of the draft laws on the activities of the High Qualification Commission of Judges of Ukraine (HQCJ) and the High Council of Justice (HCJ), Andriy Smyrnov stressed that the main issue remains open - the principles of decision-making by competition commissions. Roman Mashovets discussed the defense reform in Ukraine with the High-Level Advisor from Lithuania in the Reform Committee of the Ministry of Defense and the Armed Forces of Ukraine 8 June 2021 - 17:53 Roman Mashovets, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, had a meeting with Vitalijus Vaikšnoras, High Level Strategic Advisor from Lithuania in the Reform Committee of the Ministry of Defense and the Armed Forces of Ukraine. The time of declarations should be a thing of the past, a clear plan for Ukraine's integration into NATO is needed - the results of the conversation between Presidents Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Joe Biden 8 June 2021 - 17:34 A meaningful conversation between the leaders of Ukraine and the United States of America made it possible to coordinate in detail the positions of our states and testifies to the close and partnership relations between Ukraine and the United States. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak. 1 2 ... 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine