8 captures 25 Jul 2024 - 06 Dec 2025 Jun JUL Aug 25 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240725084547/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/drugij-ukrayinomovnij-audiogid-uzhe-dostupnij-na-kipri-olena-92349 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Will Get Everything It Needs to Withstand and Achieve Its Goals – Address by the President 24 July 2024 - 20:04 View all videos n latest news The President: Participation of Ukrainian Athletes in the Olympic Games is a Great Victory for Our State 24 July 2024 - 21:02 Ukraine Will Get Everything It Needs to Withstand and Achieve Its Goals – Address by the President 24 July 2024 - 20:02 Presidential Office Held a Discussion with International Partners on Assistance to Ukraine’s Energy Sector 24 July 2024 - 19:39 Second Ukrainian-Language Audio Guide Now Available in Cyprus – Olena Zelenska 24 July 2024 - 14:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the United Kingdom 18 July 2024 - 12:39 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Second Ukrainian-Language Audio Guide Now Available in Cyprus – Olena Zelenska 24 July 2024 - 14:26 A second Ukrainian-language audio guide is now available in Cyprus. This was announced by Ukraine’s First Lady Olena Zelenska, the initiator of the project promoting the Ukrainian language at major historical landmarks worldwide. Visitors can now listen to a Ukrainian-language tour at the A. G. Leventis Gallery, located in the capital of Cyprus, Nicosia. Previously, a Ukrainian-language audio guide was introduced at the Archaeological Museum. The First Lady emphasized that this guide will be particularly important for the 20,000 Ukrainian forced migrants. "The country's artifacts are witnesses and participants in the struggle for the preservation of the Cypriot nation and culture. I am glad that now this story can also be heard in Ukrainian," she said. Currently, there are 86 Ukrainian-language audio guides available in 46 countries. Olena Zelenska also highlighted the importance of the project against the backdrop of Ukraine's defense against Russian invaders. "By preserving and promoting our language and culture, we preserve our country and ourselves," the First Lady noted. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine