5 captures 24 Feb 2024 - 13 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240224060110/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-12-2022&date-to=09-12-2023&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Democracies should not withdraw from the historical process of protecting all the values that have shaped our modern world – address by the President of Ukraine 23 February 2024 - 17:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region 23 February 2024 - 12:48 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The Assembly of the International Maritime Organization adopted a resolution in support of our efforts in the Black Sea – address by the President of Ukraine 4 December 2023 - 22:26 The International Maritime Organization will now support our efforts, and there is a corresponding decision to assess the technical assistance we need for the proper functioning of the sea corridor. On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, consultations with the European Union on security commitments have begun 4 December 2023 - 19:40 These consultations followed up on the G7 Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine of July 12, 2023. Everyone should remember that the battle for the fate of Ukraine continues – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2023 - 20:18 This battle is where Ukrainians need support every day. Specific things that strengthen Ukraine. Things that add strength to our positions, to our state. Andriy Yermak and Jake Sullivan discussed preparations for the Ukrainian-U.S. conference of defense industries 3 December 2023 - 10:36 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan in the framework of the ongoing dialogue with the allies. It is important that every week one can say, "I have contributed something of my own to the common defense" – address by the President of Ukraine 2 December 2023 - 21:01 I thank you all for making this week bring results for our country, for achieving our goals. Andriy Yermak spoke with Cardinal Matteo Zuppi, thanked him for returning illegally deported teenager to Ukraine 2 December 2023 - 15:47 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the President of the Italian Episcopal Conference, Cardinal Matteo Zuppi. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Anders Fogh Rasmussen 2 December 2023 - 14:54 The parties discussed joint efforts to advance Ukraine on the path to NATO and our country's contribution to Euro-Atlantic security. Listened to reports on ammunition and weapons supply; preparing requests for talks with partners – address by the President of Ukraine 1 December 2023 - 19:28 Thanks to everyone helping defend our positions – building fortifications, mining the paths that occupiers try to use. Andriy Yermak meets with foreign ambassadors at Boryspil Airport to discuss Peace Formula's tenth point on confirmation of the end of the war 1 December 2023 - 18:57 The event focused on the implementation of the tenth point of the Formula on confirmation of the end of the war. Eighty six participants, including representatives of 83 foreign states and three international organizations, joined the discussion that took place at Boryspil International Airport. President on the Day of Prosecutors: Quality of work of Ukrainian prosecutors means inevitability of punishment for Russia for crimes against Ukrainians 1 December 2023 - 17:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy wished the prosecutors maximum efficiency and focus on the results that Ukrainian society and the state objectively need. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 184 185 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine