6 captures 29 Sep 2023 - 16 Jul 2025 Aug SEP Oct 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230929142207/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vzyala-uchast-u-nacionalnomu-forumi-rodina-dl-83313 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will do everything to ensure the safety of Ukraine and the entire Europe from Russian nuclear blackmail – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 September 2023 - 21:33 View all videos n latest news Head of State holds meeting with EBRD President 29 September 2023 - 15:49 President of Ukraine pays tribute to memory of Babyn Yar victims 29 September 2023 - 11:58 We will do everything to ensure the safety of Ukraine and the entire Europe from Russian nuclear blackmail – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 September 2023 - 21:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Minister of the Armed Forces of France 28 September 2023 - 18:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of the 82nd anniversary of the Babyn Yar tragedy 29 September 2023 - 10:37 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska took part in the National Forum "Family for Every Child" 1 June 2023 - 15:59 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the National Forum "Family for Every Child" online, which was held on the occasion of the International Children's Day. Foster families and family-type children's homes from all over Ukraine, representatives of the Office of the Ukrainian Parliament’s Commissioner for Human Rights, the Ministry of Social Policy, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Education and Science, and UNICEF joined the event via video link. At the beginning of the speech, the President's wife mentioned the nighttime Russian shelling of Kyiv, which killed and injured people. "Today is the first day of summer, which children and parents always look forward to. The day of protection of childhood and children. But today, as a result of another Russian attack on Kyiv, a nine-year-old girl and her mother were killed. Thus, another day has turned into a tragedy thanks to Russia's efforts. A child's crying in the middle of the night to the sound of sirens is the hardest thing for every mother and father during a war. It's a terrible feeling when you can't protect your child from a threat," the First Lady said. During the event, the Office of the Ukrainian Parliament’s Commissioner for Human Rights, the Ministry of Social Policy and the Office of the President of Ukraine, with the support of UNICEF, announced that they had joined forces and initiated a program to build a better care system for children. The national program is based on evidence-based approaches aimed at strengthening families, communities and the care system to ensure caring and safe family-based care for all children, including those with disabilities and from other vulnerable groups. The program is based on the belief that every child should grow up in a safe and caring family. This includes ensuring the rights to housing, family care, protection, health care and inclusive education for the most vulnerable children. "Children always suffer the most from war. Because they are the most dependent on adults, on circumstances. It is through the example of children that we understand the abnormality and inhumanity of this attack. Children should not be orphaned and lose their families. Among us today are those who fight against orphanhood – family-type children’s homes. I thank you. You are heroes. Our goal is for every child left alone to meet such heroes. We never thought that in today's world our children would have to fight for survival. But we will do everything to make sure they survive, to make them believe in themselves and the world despite everything. For them to win. They are Ukraine," Olena Zelenska summarized. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine