12 captures 07 Dec 2022 - 05 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 07 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221207212230/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-poli-boyu-v-ukrayini-virishuyetsya-dolya-miljoniv-lyudej-79697 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia will be held to account for all stolen assets of the Ukrainian state and companies - address by the President of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 22:55 View all videos n latest news Russia will be held to account for all stolen assets of the Ukrainian state and companies - address by the President of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 22:48 The fate of millions of people who can be saved is being decided on the battlefield in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Foundation 7 December 2022 - 20:50 Roman Mashovets held a meeting with representatives of the embassies of France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the Netherlands 7 December 2022 - 17:48 President held the regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 7 December 2022 - 14:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 00:15 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The fate of millions of people who can be saved is being decided on the battlefield in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Foundation 7 December 2022 - 20:50 Ladies and Gentlemen! I greet you from Ukraine and thank you for supporting our fight for freedom! I want you to know what this support means. What American aid means to our defense against Russian terror. This is an opportunity for every Ukrainian to feel that freedom will reign on our land, and not the brutality of the occupier. This is an opportunity for every Ukrainian father and mother to be sure that child will choose his or her own path in life, and it will be a free life, not an endless fear of dictatorship. When we ask for support, it is always a request from people to people. On February 24, Russia started a total war against us, and this is a war for survival. Hundreds of our cities and villages were simply burned to the ground by Russian strikes. We have already managed to free from occupation one thousand eight hundred and eighty eight settlements. But almost as many Ukrainian towns and villages remain under occupation. And this means that now the fate of millions of people is being decided on the battlefield in Ukraine. Millions – who can be saved. We have no right to leave even a single Ukrainian under the Russian occupation! Not in Russian filtration camps, where thousands have already disappeared. And not on Russian territory, where hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians were forcibly deported... We can free them. This is our hope. This is what your support means. This is not about politics, this is about life. I will repeat these words once again – this is not about politics, this is about life. Isn't that what real democracy is all about? There are always moments when it is necessary to say: this is not about politics, this is about life. There are always times when you need to support – because support means much more than just giving or doing something. Now is that very time – when support literally means saving, saving millions of people, millions of fathers and mothers, millions of children. And I am grateful to you for being with us – for the fact that the United States of America really support Ukraine. I believe that thanks to your support in particular, we will be able to say one day that all Ukraine is finally free and safe from Russian terror. Thank you for your attention! Thank you for the ripple of hope that we raised together this year! Слава Україні! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine