10 captures 10 Jun 2024 - 20 Jan 2026 May JUN Jul 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240610110952/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/12-medzakladiv-franciyi-stali-pobratimami-ukrayinskih-likare-91393 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing New Agreements for Ukraine with European Partners, in Particular with Germany – Address by the President 9 June 2024 - 20:52 View all videos n latest news We Are Preparing New Agreements for Ukraine with European Partners, in Particular with Germany – Address by the President 9 June 2024 - 20:46 Andriy Yermak Visited Italy and the Vatican City on the Instructions of the President of Ukraine 8 June 2024 - 23:07 Ukraine and the EU Held Another Round of Negotiations on a Security Agreement 8 June 2024 - 20:25 We Have Already Reached Agreements with Partners on Additional Air Defense Systems for Ukraine – Address by the President of Ukraine 8 June 2024 - 20:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Official Visit of the President of Ukraine to France 6 June 2024 - 16:34 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife 12 Medical Institutions of France Became Twinned with Ukrainian Hospitals – Olena Zelenska during a Meeting with Brigitte Macron 7 June 2024 - 23:05 Within the framework of the official visit of the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, to France, the First Lady of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska, met with the First Lady of France, Brigitte Macron. The wife of the President of Ukraine emphasized the importance of the medical partnership between Ukraine and France, which involves direct cooperation between the clinics of the two countries. The Medical Partnership Program was launched during the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen in Kyiv last year. “I am sincerely proud that among the 44 partnerships, there are 12 Franco-Ukrainian ones. France is currently the leader in the number of partnerships and visits of its specialists to Ukrainian twin hospitals. The partnership between Ukraine and France is an example of how joint efforts can improve the quality of medical care and provide access to advanced treatments for every patient,” Olena Zelenska said. She invited Brigitte Macron, a regular participant of the First Ladies and Gentlemen Summit, to join this year's event. The wife of the Ukrainian President also met with the Mayor of Paris, the Head of the Executive Committee Bureau of the Olympic and Paralympic Games 2024, Anne Hidalgo. “We appreciate your principled and unwavering position on preventing the participation of Russian and Belarusian athletes in the Olympic Games in Paris under a neutral flag,” Olena Zelenska said. After the meeting, they visited the exhibition “Paris!” dedicated to the historical and modern changes in the city, including the transformation before the Olympic Games. The wife of the President of Ukraine pointed out that our country has its own program for the implementation of accessibility at all levels. In addition, the First Lady of Ukraine visited the Figuier Medical and Psychological Center for Children and Adolescents (CMP Figuier). Olena Zelenska noted the importance of the French experience in building a system of psychological support for Ukrainian children. “On top of their personal challenges, Ukrainian children, just like adults, are experiencing war-related stress. Therefore, all our assistance – psychological, educational and therapeutic – should be available,” she said. v Videos ph Official Visit of the President of Ukraine to France 6 June 2024 - 16:34 ph Official Visit of the President of Ukraine to France 6 June 2024 - 16:34 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine