4 captures 30 Dec 2022 - 24 Jan 2025 Nov DEC Jan 30 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221230031826/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-prezidenta-zhittya-kozhnogo-ukrayincya-vazhlive-tomu-na-80153 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every Russian missile only confirms that all this must end with a tribunal - address by the President of Ukraine 29 December 2022 - 22:54 View all videos n latest news Every Russian missile only confirms that all this must end with a tribunal - address by the President of Ukraine 29 December 2022 - 22:54 The main goal of the Peace Formula is to deprive Russia of the tools to commit the crime of aggression against our state and the world - Ihor Zhovkva 29 December 2022 - 21:12 For the President, the life of every Ukrainian is important, therefore a large team is working on the release of Ukrainian prisoners - Andriy Yermak 29 December 2022 - 20:51 Ukraine and the United States have a common understanding of goals in the fight against the Russian aggressor - Andriy Yermak 29 December 2022 - 20:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Verkhovna Rada session to deliver an annual Message to the Parliament on the external and internal situation of Ukraine 28 December 2022 - 17:21 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office For the President, the life of every Ukrainian is important, therefore a large team is working on the release of Ukrainian prisoners - Andriy Yermak 29 December 2022 - 20:51 For President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the release of Ukrainian citizens from Russian captivity is a priority, so a large team is working on this issue every day. This was stated by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak in an interview with TV presenter Natalia Moseychuk. "Every person's life is important for the President. That is why exchanges continue - not in such quantity, but recently they have been taking place almost every week," he noted. The Head of the President's Office informed that a large team is working on the liberation of Ukrainian prisoners - military and civilians. "Everything is under the personal control of the President. He always knows who is returned and when. This is a priority for him. Budanov, Malyuk, Dmytro Usov, Rustem Umerov - many people are working. We are doing what we have to do. And we will be happy when all our people return," Andriy Yermak said. At the same time, the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized the importance of further improvement of the work on the liberation of Ukrainian prisoners. "It is important for me today to feel what is being done wrong. Maybe we need to talk more about it. Maybe the information campaign is not at a proper level. For every mother, every father, every wife to be able to call 24/7 and clearly understand whether their loved one is in captivity today and what is being done to release him or her," the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine stated. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine