3 captures 28 Oct 2023 - 20 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231028234120/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-polyah-tretoyi-zustrichi-na-rivni-radnikiv-andrij-yermak-86665 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Peace Formula gradually, step by step, is becoming global – address by the President of Ukraine 28 October 2023 - 20:33 View all videos n latest news Our Peace Formula gradually, step by step, is becoming global – address by the President of Ukraine 28 October 2023 - 20:31 On the sidelines of third NSA meeting Andriy Yermak meets with Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade of Malta 28 October 2023 - 19:09 Our joint efforts are laying a new global tradition of unity helping us learn how to end all wars – the speech of the President of Ukraine at the third meeting of advisors on the implementation of the Peace Formula in Malta 28 October 2023 - 18:26 Andriy Yermak at the sidelines of the third advisors' meeting in Malta initiates consultations with the Netherlands on signing bilateral security guarantees agreement 28 October 2023 - 13:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office On the sidelines of third NSA meeting Andriy Yermak meets with Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade of Malta 28 October 2023 - 19:09 During the third national security advisors' (NSA) meeting on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula in Malta, as instructed by the President of Ukraine, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Minister for Foreign and European Affairs and Trade of the Republic of Malta Ian Borg. The Head of the President's Office expressed gratitude to the Maltese side for organizing the meeting with the unprecedented number of participants from around the world to discuss the principles of peace for Ukraine, Europe, and the world. He also thanked Malta for its active support of our state's territorial integrity and sovereignty, particularly in the context of important decisions for Ukraine at the UN and other international organizations. "We will never forget your support for our country from the beginning of Russia's full-scale invasion," Andriy Yermak said. Ian Borg noted that Malta promptly decided not to be a neutral observer but to assist Ukraine in countering aggression because they respect international law, the UN Charter, and values human life. "If we allow Russia to do as it pleases, it means that in the future, someone else may do the same," the Minister for Foreign and European Affairs and Trade of Malta added. The interlocutors acknowledged the need for further development and practical implementation of Ukrainian-Maltese bilateral relations, including the joint realization of mutually beneficial initiatives. As Ian Borg said, this involves not only post-war reconstruction but also the joint development of business projects with partners to ensure international assistance to Ukraine. There was a substantive exchange of ideas regarding Malta's participation in the implementation of specific points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. The head of the President's Office called on the Maltese side to contribute to the return of abducted Ukrainian children and to join relevant projects for the reconstruction of our country. The Minister for Foreign and European Affairs and Trade of Malta recognized the important role of Ukraine in ensuring global food security despite Russia's ongoing full-scale armed aggression. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine