6 captures 11 Sep 2024 - 08 Aug 2025 Aug SEP Oct 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240911092221/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mir-dlya-ukrayini-ta-spravedlive-zakinchennya-ciyeyi-vijni-y-93121 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We See What Steps Are Planned in Moscow, and We Will Act Accordingly – Address by the President 10 September 2024 - 20:04 View all videos n latest news President Met with UNITED24 Ambassador, Historian Timothy Snyder in Kyiv 10 September 2024 - 20:27 We See What Steps Are Planned in Moscow, and We Will Act Accordingly – Address by the President 10 September 2024 - 20:04 Peace for Ukraine and Just End of this War is Daily and Very Hard Work – President at the Presentation of the New Minister of Foreign Affairs 10 September 2024 - 18:32 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Introduced the New Minister of Foreign Affairs 10 September 2024 - 17:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy 6 September 2024 - 21:30 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Peace for Ukraine and Just End of this War is Daily and Very Hard Work – President at the Presentation of the New Minister of Foreign Affairs 10 September 2024 - 18:32 I wish you good health! Glory to Ukraine! Dear participants! Dear Mr. Minister, Andrii Ivanovych! Dear Ukrainian diplomats, all employees of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine! First of all, I would like to thank every one of you who is really working for the defense of our state, for the defense of Ukrainians, our people. It is very valuable that Ukraine can rely on your professional experience, on the expertise of Ukrainian diplomats in the most difficult times of its history, and this is part of our defense – your work. Before February 24 and after February 24, Andrii Sybiha worked and continues to work on a fundamental basis to ensure that Ukraine has the strength to stand up to Russia. I am grateful to Andrii Ivanovych for this support from the first not just days, but hours of the invasion. And I know that he has always tried and is trying to ensure that our Ukrainian diplomacy can perform all state tasks. Now the Minister can definitely direct the Ukrainian diplomatic service in such a way that Ukraine will achieve the most important result: a lasting peace, a just peace for all our people – a victory for Ukraine. It is important that all of you correctly understand the significance of this particular time – you are to be a diplomatic part of the entire team of our state, which will lead Ukraine to peace. In this regard, I would like to emphasize the following priorities. Although we met recently and talked about important things, I would like to emphasize some things separately. First. When I became the President of Ukraine and saw the work of the Ambassador of Ukraine to Türkiye, it really inspired respect. And I heard the respect with which the President of Türkiye spoke about the Ambassador of Ukraine. While working in Türkiye, Andrii Sybiha spoke Turkish and had a good understanding of Turkish culture and customs. President Erdoğan emphasized this in our conversations. He was in close contact with the people who determined the policy of Türkiye. And the same way when he worked in Poland: he knows the language, understands the culture and spirit of the country, and communicates closely with political and social leaders. This is what, in my opinion, should be the standard for Ukrainian representatives abroad. Being an Ambassador of Ukraine means understanding the country you work in, and you definitely need to be able to be heard in that country. Andrii Ivanovych, I am counting on this kind of fair treatment to all Ambassadors – a professional attitude to all Ambassadors of our state, consuls, and other representatives: we need diplomats who add respect to Ukraine. You have worked at this level and know exactly how a Ukrainian mission should function. Second. We need to pay more attention to relations with Ukraine's neighbors. We cannot lose this neighborhood, whatever it may be. We understand how difficult the political process is, for example, now in Poland. Moreover, a new election process is about to begin there. We understand the situation in Hungary, we understand the situation in Slovakia, in Moldova, in Romania. All this requires sensitivity, perseverance and protection of Ukrainian interests, as well as our common interests with our neighbors. Only together can we protect our region, and a lot depends on your skills, on the skills of Ukrainian diplomacy at all levels. Third. The defense of Ukraine requires a global understanding of what is happening. We should be heard and known in all regions of the world. Much has already been done for this purpose. I am grateful to everyone who contributed. But we need more, and much more. In particular, in Latin America, Africa, the countries of Asia. At the same time, we must be transparent with our long-term partners – with everyone. Ukraine's position should be voiced in the world, and this can only be done when Ukrainian diplomacy is truly active and truly systematic. Fourth. We have absolutely urgent needs in supplying the frontline and ensuring the stability of our entire state. The announced defense packages should be delivered as quickly as possible. Our partners should know our every need and every opportunity for cooperation with them. Supplying the front, joint defense production, reconstruction in Ukraine, strengthening sanctions against Russia and the use of Russian assets for Ukrainian defense, support for our communities abroad – these should be the areas of constant work of every Ukrainian diplomat. And fifth. This year, we need an effective second Peace Summit. This means maximum involvement of the world in the implementation of the Peace Formula. And the maximum strengthening of our positions to make the process of restoring peace real and fair. For example, today the 94th country – Panama – has joined the Communiqué of the first Peace Summit. And every Ambassador of Ukraine to the countries that have not yet joined should make sure that their host country better understands the Peace Formula, and our position on ending the war with a just peace for Ukraine, and the global efforts to implement the Formula. Taking care of this means taking care of the state, your family, and yourself as a citizen. And also, about your position. And this is only fair. The same goes for the maximum involvement of countries in the groups working on the Peace Formula points. The team of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine, the entire team of the Government, the team of the Presidential Office, our Parliamentary Diplomats, everyone involved in this work at the public level – everyone should understand that peace for Ukraine and a just end to this war is not only a historic mission, but daily and very hard work. I am confident that Ukraine is capable of doing this work – winning this war and ensuring peace. I look forward to your full effectiveness. Thank you. Glory to Ukraine! Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine