1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070921/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=23 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine counts on the assistance of the leaders of Turkey and the United States in the release of Ukrainians illegally detained in the occupied territories and in Russia 26 November 2021 - 18:41 Ukraine has appealed to foreign leaders, including Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and US President Joseph Biden, to facilitate the release of Ukrainian citizens illegally detained in the temporarily occupied territories and in Russia. This was announced by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press marathon "30 questions to the President of Ukraine". Ukraine expects increased support from Germany after the launch of the new federal government - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 November 2021 - 18:34 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy expects that the new government of the Federal Republic of Germany will not only keep its support for Ukraine, but also strengthen it. The Head of State said this during a press marathon "30 questions to the President of Ukraine". The thermal modernization program should be an important step in enhancing Ukraine's energy independence - President 26 November 2021 - 18:03 Ukraine needs to enhance its energy independence, and a large-scale program of thermal modernization of residential and communal buildings should be among the steps to achieve it. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press marathon "30 questions to the President of Ukraine". Russia is trying to de-actualize the Normandy format, but Ukraine will continue to look for the ways to end the war in Donbas through diplomacy 26 November 2021 - 17:38 The Russian Federation is trying to divert the international community's attention from the issue of ending the war in Donbas with the help of hybrid steps, but Ukraine has received assurances from allies that they remain on our side, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press marathon “30 questions to the President of Ukraine”. President: Big business should not "buy" deputies, distort information in their media and force employees to vote for a certain candidate 26 November 2021 - 16:02 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy states that he does not intend to fight big business in Ukraine, but the oligarchs should not blackmail society and the Ukrainian people. He stated this during a press marathon "30 questions to the President of Ukraine". Regarding the appointment of judges of the Constitutional Court of Ukraine under the President's quota 26 November 2021 - 15:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has fulfilled his constitutional duty and appointed two judges to the Constitutional Court of Ukraine to the relevant positions, which have remained vacant since March this year. President: Judicial reform will definitely be completed 26 November 2021 - 15:10 The President stressed that the implementation of this reform is supported by the Office of the President of Ukraine. And on the initiative of the President, the Verkhovna Rada has already adopted fundamental laws on the work of the High Qualification Commission of Judges (HQCJ) and the High Council of Justice (HCJ). Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I am not fighting for power, yet I am not going to resign from the presidency prematurely 26 November 2021 - 14:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that he is fighting not for power, but for Ukraine and its citizens, and he is not going to resign from the presidency prematurely due to any pressure. He stated this during a press marathon "30 questions to the President of Ukraine". Operation to detain Wagner militants was not thought out in detail - Head of State 26 November 2021 - 14:19 The operation to detain the militants of the Wagner private military company was unprofessionally prepared and could have provoked numerous casualties. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press marathon "30 questions to the President of Ukraine". The possibility of escalation on the part of Russia is constant, and Ukraine is ready for it - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 November 2021 - 13:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated that the possibility of escalation by Russia and the illegal armed groups supported by it has been constant for many years, and Ukraine is fully prepared for it, but now Ukrainian citizens are being deliberately intimidated by certain forces and media resources under their control. 1 2 ... 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine