13 captures 30 Oct 2020 - 08 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202060750/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-na-zustrichi-v-mi-6-govorili-pro-fejkovi-novi-64537 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:47 First Lady of Ukraine met with the King Charles III of the United Kingdom 1 December 2022 - 17:51 Congratulations from President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Day of the Employees of the Prosecution Bodies of Ukraine 1 December 2022 - 17:18 Yermak-McFaul Sanctions Group published research on Russian oil price caps 1 December 2022 - 15:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: At the meeting in MI-6 we talked about fake news 13 October 2020 - 22:51 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that during a meeting with representatives of the Secret Intelligence Service in the framework of his recent visit to the UK, the issue of misinformation and fake news was discussed. The Head of State noted that the domestic media should verify the information they publish more carefully. "We had a meeting in the MI-6 office. Unfortunately, I cannot reveal all the information. That is, these are state affairs. I read what was written about the content of that meeting. First, there was a different content at this meeting," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, answering questions from media representatives during a working trip to Odesa. Also, according to him, the issue, which, according to some Ukrainian media, allegedly was raised at the meeting, was not actually considered at all. "Of all the issues of our long two-hour meeting, the majority touched upon the assistance and protection of our sovereignty and territorial integrity. I can't reveal the details," the President of Ukraine said. The Head of State said that one of the topics discussed at the meeting was countering misinformation and fake news. "They said we have a big problem that the media are financed not only by Ukrainians. That in Ukraine, unfortunately, many TV channels that you and I know are funded by different groups," the Head of State said. He stressed that the issues of protection of freedom and protection of information are extremely important for the security of the state, so it is topical to create independent media. Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed hope that journalists will care for their authority and check information, regardless of who owns a particular media outlet. "It seems to me that the main purpose of this profession is to check information and publish it freely. And this is right. As for the independent media, I am sure that we have many independent journalists. And we will always support their freedom," the President concluded. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine