6 captures 24 Feb 2024 - 17 Oct 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240224052009/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-12-2022&date-to=09-12-2023&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Democracies should not withdraw from the historical process of protecting all the values that have shaped our modern world – address by the President of Ukraine 23 February 2024 - 17:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region 23 February 2024 - 12:48 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with Deputy Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister of Italy 8 December 2023 - 15:16 The parties discussed the priority areas of cooperation during Italy's presidency of the G7 in 2024. The importance of further comprehensive support for Ukraine as one of the priorities of this presidency was emphasized. The return of Ukrainian children abducted by Russia should become a collective commitment of the international community - experts have gathered evidence of Russia's crimes 8 December 2023 - 13:35 Advisor - Presidential Commissioner for Children's Rights and Child Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk took part in the press briefing "Stolen Voices: Deportation and Forced Displacement of Ukrainian Children by Ruscists. Facts and Revelations", where the evidence of Russian crimes gathered by experts of the OSCE Moscow Mechanism, specialists of the Yale University Humanities Research Laboratory and Ukrainian civil society activists was presented. I am grateful to every Ukrainian family that understands the challenges of war and temperature and uses electricity sparingly - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 December 2023 - 21:04 Thanks to the integration of our energy system with Europe, we have appropriate support from our neighbors, which is important. I thank every country that helps. Olena Zelenska: Together we must find justice and a path to home and safety for our children 7 December 2023 - 20:16 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with Baroness Helena Kennedy, a British human rights activist who arrived in Kyiv. Helena Kennedy is the chair of Justice, an organization for human rights and legal reform. President took part in the ceremony of lighting Hanukkah candles 7 December 2023 - 18:14 On the occasion of the beginning of the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and representatives of the Jewish clergy of Ukraine took part in the Hanukkah candle lighting ceremony. Ukraine and the United States signed a Memorandum on Co-Production and Technical Data Exchange at the Defense Industrial Base Conference in Washington, DC 7 December 2023 - 13:44 The document stipulates that Ukraine will receive the capabilities necessary for success on the battlefield in the short term, and in the long term will contribute to economic recovery and strengthening of defense capabilities. Head of the Presidential Office met with the U.S. Secretary of Defense 7 December 2023 - 11:13 The members of the Ukrainian delegation briefed Lloyd Austin on the situation on the battlefield and the urgent needs of Ukrainian defenders, including armored vehicles, demining vehicles, artillery systems and munitions, long-range missiles, and combat aircraft. Special attention was paid to the need to build a system of fortifications. In Washington, Andriy Yermak, Ruslan Stefanchuk and Rustem Umerov had a meeting with the U.S. Secretary of State 7 December 2023 - 09:55 The Head of the President's Office is hopeful that a substantive discussion of the American side's proposals on a bilateral agreement on security guarantees for our country would begin shortly. In Washington, D.C., Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Senators 6 December 2023 - 23:43 Andriy Yermak thanked the Senators for their support of Ukraine, which is highly appreciated in our country. The parties discussed further defense and financial support from the United States. Andriy Yermak met with Jake Sullivan in the United States 6 December 2023 - 23:24 As part of the visit to the United States, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, together with Speaker of the Verkhovna Rada Ruslan Stefanchuk and Minister of Defense of Ukraine Rustem Umerov, met with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 184 185 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine