3 captures 07 Oct 2024 - 30 Apr 2025 Sep OCT Nov 07 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241007211529/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=02-10-2023&date-to=02-10-2024&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Will Try to Convince Our Partners at "Ramstein" of the Need for Significant Reinforcement of Our Capabilities – Address by the President 7 October 2024 - 19:35 View all videos n latest news We Will Try to Convince Our Partners at "Ramstein" of the Need for Significant Reinforcement of Our Capabilities – Address by the President 7 October 2024 - 19:35 Andriy Yermak Had a Phone Call with Anders Fogh Rasmussen 7 October 2024 - 18:34 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Warriors of Territorial Defense Forces and Presented State Awards 7 October 2024 - 15:58 We Will Apply Even Greater Pressure on Russia, Because Only Through Strength Can We Bring Peace Closer – Address by the President 6 October 2024 - 20:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Met with Warriors of Territorial Defense Forces 7 October 2024 - 15:57 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ukraine Continues to Rely on U.S. Support at This Defining Moment – Andriy Yermak During Meeting with Congress Members 15 September 2024 - 13:12 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed further U.S. support for Ukraine with an American delegation, which included, in particular, U.S. Congress members. Restoration Projects and Financial Assistance: the Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with the Special Envoy of the President of France 14 September 2024 - 22:02 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva thanked France for its comprehensive support, particularly in the implementation of reconstruction projects, the provision of financial and humanitarian assistance, as well as the involvement of private investments in the economy. Ukraine Must Achieve a Just Peace and Be an Important Element of the Future Global Security Structure – Andriy Yermak 13 September 2024 - 19:51 Ukraine's efforts are now aimed at bringing the war to a just end and forming a reliable global security architecture, in which it will play one of the key roles. This was stated by the Head of the Office of the President, Andriy Yermak, during his participation in the 20th Annual Yalta European Strategy Meeting. Lithuanian President Honored Andriy Yermak with the Order of the Grand Duke of Lithuania Gediminas 13 September 2024 - 10:00 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda. During the meeting, they discussed Lithuania's and partners’ support in Ukraine’s fight against Russian aggression. Meeting with European Commissioner for Home Affairs Took Place at the Office of the President 12 September 2024 - 22:10 Pursuant to the instructions of the President of Ukraine and the Head of the Presidential Office, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with European Commissioner for Home Affairs Ylva Johansson who was on a working visit to Ukraine. Andriy Yermak Met with Leadership of the National Democratic Institute 12 September 2024 - 19:09 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a meeting with President of the National Democratic Institute Tamara Cofman Wittes and Senior Resident Country Director for the National Democratic Institute in Ukraine Dr. Marcin Piotr Walecki. Andriy Yermak Met with the President of the Munich Security Conference 12 September 2024 - 12:49 The parties discussed cooperation with Ukraine's partners. In particular, Andriy Yermak spoke about President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's recent talks with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Kyiv and meetings with allies in the Ramstein format. On October 30-31, Canada Will Host a Conference on the Release of Prisoners and Deported Ukrainians 12 September 2024 - 09:49 The participants of the video meeting discussed the format of the event, the list of countries that will be invited to participate, the agenda and the expected outcomes. The Kingdom of Norway will co-organize the event with Canada. Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with NATO Assistant Secretary General for Operations 11 September 2024 - 18:57 The Deputy Heads of the Presidential Office highly commended the decision of NATO countries to allocate financial assistance to our country worth EUR 40 billion next year and stressed the need for its timely delivery, taking into account the situation on the battlefield. Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak Introduced New Deputy Heads and Spoke About Their Areas of Work 10 September 2024 - 17:17 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak introduced his new Deputies, Iryna Vereshchuk and Viktor Mykyta, during a meeting with the heads of regional state administrations. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine