8 captures 01 Sep 2023 - 16 Oct 2025 Aug SEP Oct 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230901101338/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/norvegiya-pidtrimuye-aviacijnu-koaliciyu-uzhe-tri-krayini-po-85173 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos An agreement has been reached on the supply of a large batch of armored medevac vehicles to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 August 2023 - 21:53 View all videos n latest news An agreement has been reached on the supply of a large batch of armored medevac vehicles to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 August 2023 - 21:48 Daria Herasymchuk: Ukraine, together with the UN, is developing an implementation strategy to prevent and combat violations of children's rights in the context of Russia's armed aggression 31 August 2023 - 21:32 After the victory, Ukraine should be an example of barrier-free accessibility - President during a conversation with the university community of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 31 August 2023 - 21:30 The most important thing is to give an opportunity to develop science at universities - President during a conversation with the university community of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 31 August 2023 - 21:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's meeting with the university community of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 31 August 2023 - 17:40 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Norway supports aviation coalition, three countries have already agreed to provide Ukraine with F-16 jets – President following the meeting with Jonas Gahr Støre 24 August 2023 - 18:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with Prime Minister of Norway Jonas Gahr Støre, who is on a visit to our country. The Head of State noted that he was especially pleased to welcome the Prime Minister of Norway to Kyiv on Independence Day of Ukraine. "We really appreciate all the Norwegian people who have been with Ukraine since the first day of full-scale Russian aggression. And every day during this war, we felt that Norway really wants to help Ukraine and restore peace. Norwegian support has helped save thousands of lives," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, addressing Jonas Gahr Støre during a joint meeting with media representatives following the talks in Kyiv. The President emphasized the five-year Norwegian program of long-term support for Ukraine. On Thursday, during the negotiations, the parties considered the next steps in defense cooperation. "Norway effectively supports our aviation coalition and has prepared respective decisions. I think Mr. Prime Minister will tell about it himself. This is the best news for Independence Day. There is a new defense package that will strengthen air defense and there is also another very important defense equipment," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. According to the Head of State, Norway has also actively joined global efforts to implement the Peace Formula. "We would welcome one of the rounds of negotiations on the Peace Formula in Oslo. I am grateful to Norway for its support in the preparation of the Global Peace Summit," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy invited Norway to start negotiations on a bilateral document on security guarantees for Ukraine in the framework of the G7 Joint Declaration. "I am confident that Norway's participation in such security architecture will help us bring more stability to the entire space from Scandinavia to the Black Sea," the Head of State emphasized. Jonas Gahr Støre said that Norway is transferring IRIS-T air defense systems to Ukraine and has also decided to transfer F-16 jets in its service. Norway is also providing two F-16 jets for the training mission of Ukrainian pilots. In addition, he said, Norway is transferring demining equipment to Ukraine and will do everything necessary to convince partners to provide NASAMS to our country. The Norwegian Prime Minister said that his country would continue to support Ukraine in rebuilding its energy infrastructure and in storing gas for the winter period. Answering journalists' questions, Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that three countries have already agreed to provide Ukraine with F-16 jets after the training of pilots. "These are Denmark, the Netherlands and Norway. We are extremely grateful to all three countries, and we are also very grateful to the United States of America. Their goodwill and their technology. They have approved it. We are grateful to the President of the United States and the U.S. Congress," the Head of State emphasized. v Videos ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Norway 24 August 2023 - 18:03 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Norway 24 August 2023 - 18:03 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine