1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022834/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=65 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the President of the European Commission 2 January 2023 - 16:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had the first phone conversation of the year with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. The leaders agreed to maintain the dynamics of cooperation between Ukraine and the EU in the new year. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presents Golden Heart awards to volunteers 30 December 2022 - 17:47 The Head of State presented the representatives of the Ukrainian volunteer movement with the Golden Heart awards of the President of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff 30 December 2022 - 13:37 The participants of the meeting focused on the provision of defense forces units in the hottest areas with weapons and other means. President of Ukraine delivered the annual Message to the Verkhovna Rada and presented state awards to Ukrainian defenders 28 December 2022 - 21:25 From the rostrum of the Parliament, the Head of State emphasized that this year, thanks to Ukraine, the world believed that values give strength, and was convinced that tyranny will lose, and freedom will definitely be victorious. President of Ukraine met with the Minister of the Armed Forces of France 28 December 2022 - 20:08 The Head of State highly appreciated the solidarity and support that France and personally President Emmanuel Macron provide to Ukraine in the face of Russia's full-scale armed aggression. President discussed with the CEO of BlackRock the coordination of efforts to rebuild Ukraine 28 December 2022 - 10:54 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video conference meeting with Larry Fink, CEO of one of the world's leading investment managers, BlackRock. The program of the famous TV host David Letterman with the participation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy was published on the website of the Office of the President and on YouTube 27 December 2022 - 14:27 The interview was recorded in October in Kyiv, at the Maidan Nezalezhnosti metro station, and was published on Netflix in December. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 27 December 2022 - 14:11 The participants listened to the reports of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the commanders of the operational areas about the situation at the front, discussed the implementation of the previous decisions of the Staff regarding certain areas, in particular near the settlements of Bakhmut and Kreminna. Regular meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief chaired by President takes place 23 December 2022 - 20:29 Members of the Staff reviewed the pace of restoration of damaged military equipment and the rhythm of supplying ammunition to the hottest areas of the front. Our power engineers are among those who ensure Ukraine's future victory with their work – Volodymyr Zelenskyy at presentation of state awards 23 December 2022 - 18:44 On the occasion of Power Engineers' Day, which is celebrated in Ukraine on December 22, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with energy industry workers and presented state awards. 1 2 ... 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine