1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033104/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=74 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We need more consolidation of the world to put pressure on Russia, more strength for our warriors - address by the President of Ukraine 17 May 2023 - 22:30 Today I held several preparatory meetings on new steps to strengthen our defense and our international positions. Olena Zelenska: Justice is needed not only for Ukraine, but also for all countries that want to live in peace 17 May 2023 - 18:34 Olena Zelenska thanked the government of the Republic of Korea for supporting the Peace Formula of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and condemning the abduction of Ukrainian children by Russia. First Lady of Ukraine opened Asian Leadership Conference in the Republic of Korea 17 May 2023 - 13:31 The conference serves as a platform for many well-known international business and entrepreneurship experts, representatives of global business and financial institutions to speak and exchange views. This year's 14th event is titled "Asian Leadership. The Era of Upheaval: The Road to Collaboration and Innovation" and is dedicated, in particular, to Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine. We are Europeans, so we act at one hundred percent of our strength when it comes to protecting our way of life – speech by the President of Ukraine at the opening of the Fourth Summit of the Council of Europe 16 May 2023 - 23:14 Europe has been waiting for such times – times when leaders would act in one hundred percent unity and with one hundred percent results for the sake of protecting Europe, for the sake of our common values. Together with Ukraine's partners, we will make the defense against terror as strong as possible – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 May 2023 - 22:26 Day after day, month after month, our team has been working to ensure that we have protection of the sky. In the framework of her visit to the Republic of Korea, Olena Zelenska met with President Yoon Suk Yeol 16 May 2023 - 17:58 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska has begun a visit to the Republic of Korea to take part in the Asian Leadership Conference. On the first day of the visit, the First Lady met with President of the Republic of Korea Yoon Suk Yeol. The main results of these days – our victory has been brought closer – address by the President of Ukraine 15 May 2023 - 19:19 Three long days – and our warriors and our state are getting stronger. Much stronger, I am sure of it. We are returning home with new defense packages: more new and powerful weapons for the frontline, more protection for our people. More political support. President of Ukraine on the results of his visits to Italy, Germany, France and the UK: Agreements on powerful defense packages were reached 15 May 2023 - 15:50 Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the priority of his visits to European capitals was to prepare for active actions of the Ukrainian Armed Forces at the front to liberate the occupied territories. At this crucial moment for our people, the whole of the United Kingdom stands with Ukraine – Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Rishi Sunak 15 May 2023 - 15:38 During his visit to the United Kingdom, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak. Joint Declaration by Ukraine and the French Republic 15 May 2023 - 01:35 France supports Ukraine’s initiative for a just and sustainable peace based on Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. 1 2 ... 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine