7 captures 06 Jan 2023 - 10 Feb 2025 Dec JAN Feb 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230106072337/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-ne-dopustiti-scenariyu-koli-agresor-zalishit-miljoni-80245 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The war will be over when Russian soldiers either leave or we drive them out - address by the President of Ukraine 5 January 2023 - 23:05 View all videos n latest news The war will be over when Russian soldiers either leave or we drive them out - address by the President of Ukraine 5 January 2023 - 23:03 We must prevent a scenario when the aggressor will leave millions of Ukrainians without electricity - Andriy Yermak at the international constituent meeting to support the restoration of Ukraine's energy sector 5 January 2023 - 22:53 President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with President of Türkiye 5 January 2023 - 17:12 A meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief was held under the chairmanship of Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 January 2023 - 13:40 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in presenting the Gold Heart award 30 December 2022 - 16:47 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office We must prevent a scenario when the aggressor will leave millions of Ukrainians without electricity - Andriy Yermak at the international constituent meeting to support the restoration of Ukraine's energy sector 5 January 2023 - 22:53 Pursuant to the instruction of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a constituent meeting with international partners to support the restoration of the Ukrainian energy sector. It was joined by U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Resources Geoffrey Pyatt, representatives of the G7 countries, the European Union and its institutions, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the World Bank, the UNDP and USAID. Ukraine is still facing extremely serious challenges, as Russia continues massive terrorist attacks on the Ukrainian energy system, their intensity is expected to increase, the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. "We have only one way out: to repel attacks by air defense forces, to strengthen the protection of energy facilities, and to restore what could not be saved as soon as possible. And here your help is really critical. We have to exclude a scenario when the aggressor will leave millions of people without electricity, water, heat, communication and other essential services for several weeks," said Andriy Yermak. The Head of the Office of the President thanked all friends and partners for supporting Ukraine and providing assistance to the Ukrainian energy sector. At the same time, he emphasized that our state needs the faster delivery of equipment for the restoration of energy capacities. "Please check what is in the reserves, what is not used now, what can be transferred to us as soon as possible. Let it not be absolutely new, but let it work," Andriy Yermak urged the partners. He also emphasized the need to establish more efficient procurement mechanisms and reduce the duration of deliveries, synchronize the chain of order - financing and production. Geoffrey Pyatt, who oversees the work to support the restoration of the Ukrainian energy system, on his part and on behalf of the participants of the meeting expressed support for Ukraine. He condemned Russia's attacks on Ukrainian critical infrastructure and civilian objects, particularly on New Year's Eve, and assured of further support. "As President Biden said, we will resolutely do everything to ensure that Russia does not succeed in this war," he stressed and added that the Congress had passed a law providing for $1.1 billion to support the energy sector of Ukraine and Moldova. According to him, the work is underway to transfer these funds as soon as possible and direct them to the repair of energy facilities destroyed as a result of the aggressor's attacks. It is about restoring the Ukrainian energy system in such a way that it is more sustainable, less dependent on fossil fuels and meets the EU standards. For further effective work, the participants of the meeting agreed to maintain the dialogue on a regular basis. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine