11 captures 08 May 2024 - 09 Nov 2025 Apr MAY Jun 08 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240508211415/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kancler-nimechchini-premyer-ministri-daniyi-ta-niderlandiv-i-90761 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Positions at the Front, the Physical Protection of Our People and Communities, and the Disruption of Any Attempts at Russian Offensive Are Urgent Priorities – Address by the President 8 May 2024 - 21:50 View all videos n latest news Our Positions at the Front, the Physical Protection of Our People and Communities, and the Disruption of Any Attempts at Russian Offensive Are Urgent Priorities – Address by the President 8 May 2024 - 21:47 Iryna Mudra: Implementation of Judicial Reform is a Key Component of Transparent Business Development 8 May 2024 - 20:19 The Chancellor of Germany, the Prime Minister of Denmark, the Prime Minister of the Netherlands, and the Secretary General of the Council of Europe will Participate in the Global Peace Summit 8 May 2024 - 18:55 Security Agreement with Portugal: Ukraine Held Another Round of Negotiations 8 May 2024 - 18:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President Presented State Awards on Infantry Day 6 May 2024 - 18:30 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Chancellor of Germany, the Prime Minister of Denmark, the Prime Minister of the Netherlands, and the Secretary General of the Council of Europe will Participate in the Global Peace Summit 8 May 2024 - 18:55 Following the telephone conversations with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz, the Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen, the Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte, and the Secretary General of the Council of Europe Marija Pejčinović Burić confirmed their participation in the Global Peace Summit which will be held in Switzerland on June 15-16. Volodymyr Zelenskyy told his interlocutors about the combined strike that the aggressor state of Russia had launched against civilian objects of Ukraine last night and about the situation on the frontline. Ukraine's urgent need to strengthen its air defense was a separate issue of the conversations. The President thanked them for their assistance to our country in finding and supplying air defense systems. The Head of State and Olaf Scholz discussed the continuation of defense cooperation between both states, preparations for the Ukraine Recovery Conference (URC2024), and specific agreements to be signed within it. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Germany for its significant contribution to the defense capability of our state. The President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Denmark discussed joint work with partners on the supply of ammunition, strengthening of the Ukrainian energy sector, and solutions that would help expedite the transfer of F-16 aircraft to Ukraine. During his conversation with Mark Rutte, Volodymyr Zelenskyy praised the Netherlands for additional military assistance worth EUR 1 billion. The leaders also discussed further defense cooperation. The President thanked Marija Pejčinović Burić for opening the office of the Register of Damage in Kyiv and welcomed the effective steps of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe towards the establishment of a Special Tribunal for the Crime of Russian Aggression. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine