76 captures 12 Aug 2024 - 13 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240812185129/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cilkom-spravedlivo-znishuvati-rosijskih-teroristiv-tam-de-vo-92585 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It Is Only Fair to Destroy Russian Terrorists Where They Are – Address by the President 12 August 2024 - 19:52 View all videos n latest news It Is Only Fair to Destroy Russian Terrorists Where They Are – Address by the President 12 August 2024 - 19:49 Housing, Private Business, Education: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Announced Enhancement of State Youth Support Programs 12 August 2024 - 19:20 On Youth Day, the President Met with Participants of the Ukrainian Youth Forum and Presented Them State Awards 12 August 2024 - 19:09 Despite the Harsh Circumstances of War, Ukraine Will Not Have a Generation Lost to War – Speech by the President at the Ukrainian Youth Forum 12 August 2024 - 19:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Rivne Region 30 July 2024 - 17:14 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches It Is Only Fair to Destroy Russian Terrorists Where They Are – Address by the President 12 August 2024 - 19:49 I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! The most important things for today. I held a meeting of the Staff. There was a report by Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi. On the frontline situation and all key defense areas. As well as the operation in the Kursk region – General Syrskyi reported that about a thousand square kilometers in the Kursk region are under our control. These are, in particular, the areas from which the Russian army launched strikes on our Sumy region. For today and since June 1, there have been almost 2100 shellings of the Sumy region's territory. Therefore, our operations are purely a security matter for Ukraine, the liberation of the border area from the Russian military. I thank all our soldiers, sergeants and officers for their courage and for the efficiency of their actions. Of course, I want to express special gratitude to each of our units that replenish the "exchange fund" for us, for Ukraine. It is a matter of principle for us to return all our people from Russian captivity. And today, at the meeting of the Stuff, the structures involved in the exchanges – the Defense Intelligence of Ukraine, the Security Service of Ukraine and the Ministry of Internal Affairs – were instructed to communicate as actively as possible with the relatives of Ukrainian captives. To explain to them transparently how the lists for the exchange are formed, who can really be returned now. In general, they were instructed to present a clear strategy for the return of our people from Russian captivity. At the next meeting, there should be a relevant report. I also very much expect that the Minister of Defense and all our Ukrainian diplomats will work as actively as possible with our partners on long-range capabilities for Ukraine – we need appropriate permissions from our partners to use long-range weapons. This is something that can significantly advance the just end of this war, as well as save thousands of Ukrainian lives from Russian terror. It is only fair to destroy Russian terrorists where they are, where they launch their strikes from. Russian military airfields, Russian logistics. We see how useful this can be for bringing peace closer. Russia must be forced into peace if Putin wants to continue waging war so badly. At the next meeting, the Minister of Defense of Ukraine and representatives of the diplomatic service should present a relevant list of steps regarding long-range capabilities. At today's meeting, the Government officials also presented a report on our economic capabilities and our production. We must act in such a way that our Ukrainian production receives the necessary support no matter what. The Government was instructed to increase the share of Ukrainian production in public procurement, and these should be long-term contracts for 5-10 years. We will definitely do it. And a few other things. Today I held a meeting with the U.S. Senate delegation. Senators Graham and Blumenthal – they represent both parties. I thanked America for supporting our defense; and it is crucial that Ukrainians and Americans are truly victorious in this our defense of normal life and people’s freedom. We discussed what exactly is needed to bring this war to its end, and to bring it to a just end. I explained in detail our need for long-range capabilities. Today, I also held a meeting with our international experts – the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Office. We have thoroughly planned meetings and negotiations for the second half of August and September. We know how to strengthen Ukraine and what can help us achieve justice. We see how Russia really moves in the times of Putin: 24 years ago, there was the Kursk disaster – the symbolic beginning of his rule; and now we can see what the end for him is. And it is also Kursk. The disaster of his war. This always happens to those who despise people and any rules. Russia brought war to others, and now it is coming home. Ukraine has always wished only for peace, and we will definitely ensure peace. I thank everyone who helps us! Glory to all those who fight, who work for Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine