5 captures 04 Dec 2024 - 21 Jan 2026 Nov DEC Jan 04 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241204054112/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zaproshennya-ukrayini-do-nato-dopomozhe-zavers-93925 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Now, in December, We Are Expecting Systems from Several Partners; It is Crucial that This Is Implemented Without Any Delay – Address by the President 3 December 2024 - 19:57 View all videos n latest news Now, in December, We Are Expecting Systems from Several Partners; It is Crucial that This Is Implemented Without Any Delay – Address by the President 3 December 2024 - 19:56 A Mandatory Condition for Ukraine's Accession to the EU is Our Country's Ability to Guarantee Equal Opportunities for All Its Citizens – Olena Zelenska at the National Forum on the Rights of People with Disabilities 3 December 2024 - 15:02 It Is Vital for Ukraine That the Level of German Support Does Not Decrease in the Future – Address by the President 2 December 2024 - 20:29 Bolstering Air Defense, Continued Defense Support and Joint Weapons Production – Key Outcomes of the Meeting Between the President of Ukraine and the Chancellor of Germany 2 December 2024 - 19:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine Meets with Germany's Federal Chancellor 2 December 2024 - 13:24 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak: Ukraine's Invitation to NATO Will Help to End the War and Prevent the Repetition of Russian Aggression 18 October 2024 - 20:30 Ukraine's invitation to NATO is the first point of the Victory Plan, because it will help to end the war and prevent the repetition of Russian aggression in the future. This was stated by the Head of the Office of the President, Andriy Yermak, in his speech at the European Policy Center in Brussels. “The most important thing is Ukraine's invitation to NATO. This is the number one point. There is a reason for it. Otherwise, the war will not end. At best, it will be paused. Putin does not want Crimea, or Donbas, or Odesa. He wants everything. And no matter who is his successor, the conquest of Ukraine will remain the basic paradigm of Russian statehood,” Andriy Yermak said. He noted that Ukraine needs reliable security guarantees and protection from encroachments on its sovereignty, because the future of Europe and the world depends on it. “Technically, the West is not a belligerent. But actually, it is at war. That is why Ukraine's victory is crucial. The best time to end this war with a just peace was in 2014. The second best time is now,” the Head of the Presidential Office asserted. By the end of October, thematic conferences on each of the ten points of the Peace Formula will be completed. After that, Ukraine will be ready to hold the second Peace Summit, which will present a roadmap for achieving a just, lasting and sustainable peace. “Its implementation will depend on our ability to force Russia to comply with international law and the UN Charter. The Victory Plan shows how this can be achieved. Its implementation will create the necessary conditions for implementing the Peace Formula,” the Head of the Presidential Office said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine