4 captures 04 Jul 2023 - 17 Jan 2026 Jun JUL Aug 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230704224259/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-razom-z-amerikanskimi-diplomatami-ta-biznesmen-84061 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world sees that the only source of danger to the Zaporizhzhia NPP is Russia - address by the President of Ukraine 4 July 2023 - 23:05 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Emmanuel Macron discussed security assistance and the occupiers' preparation of a provocation at the ZNPP 4 July 2023 - 23:21 The world sees that the only source of danger to the Zaporizhzhia NPP is Russia - address by the President of Ukraine 4 July 2023 - 23:13 Andriy Yermak, together with American diplomats and businessmen, visited an exhibition dedicated to Ukraine's fight against Russian aggression and US assistance in this war 4 July 2023 - 21:45 President of Ukraine had a phone call with NATO Secretary General 4 July 2023 - 19:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the festivities on the occasion of the Day of the National Police of Ukraine 4 July 2023 - 14:38 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak, together with American diplomats and businessmen, visited an exhibition dedicated to Ukraine's fight against Russian aggression and US assistance in this war 4 July 2023 - 21:45 On the occasion of US Independence Day, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, together with representatives of the US political, diplomatic, public and business circles, visited the National Museum of the History of Ukraine in World War II. The guests watched the exhibition "Ukraine - Crucifixion" about the Russian aggression against Ukraine and the invincibility of our country. Andriy Yermak and US Ambassador to Ukraine Bridget Brink, along with other participants of the meeting, watched, among other things, new exhibitions about the US assistance to Ukraine in the war of liberation against the Russian occupiers. The photos show, in particular, the most modern American military equipment that effectively helps to defeat the Russian army in battle and has already become part of modern Ukrainian folklore. These are, first of all, Patriot anti-aircraft missile systems, HIMARS multiple launch rocket systems, M777 howitzers, Javelin and Stinger man-portable anti-aircraft missile systems, Bradley infantry fighting vehicles, M113 tracked armored personnel carriers, and Hummer vehicles. One of the stands features the personal belongings of a US citizen who fought in the Ukrainian Armed Forces during the full-scale war with Russia. One of the centerpieces of the exhibition is the American flag presented to President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Congress during the Ukrainian President's speech in December 2022. Next to it is the flag of Ukraine from Azovstal, which is a symbol of the heroism and resilience of Ukrainians during this war. Addressing the audience after viewing the exhibition, Andriy Yermak said that it is a great honor for him to be at this event together with his American partners and friends who are celebrating the Independence Day of the United States of America, which is very important for them. "We, Ukrainians, will never forget that you are with us during this terrible war. We see thousands of Ukrainian flags on the streets, on buildings in many cities across the United States. And I want to thank the American people, President Joseph Biden, the Congress and both parties, all of you for this help and support," he emphasized. The Head of the President's Office noted that today millions of Ukrainians know the names HIMARS and Patriot because these weapons help save the lives of our citizens and inspire them to continue the fight. "We will fight until our victory. And I am sure that it will be a common victory for Ukraine and the United States. Because we are fighting for common values, for independence and freedom," Andriy Yermak is convinced. The Head of the President's Office also presented the museum with commemorative coins made in honor of the President's historic speech in the US Congress in late 2022. The representatives of the defense forces presented Bridget Brink with a flag of Ukraine with inscriptions made by the Ukrainian military and also presented chevrons of their units. For her part, the US Ambassador noted that on US Independence Day, Americans remember their fighters for freedom. "And everyone who is here today, diplomats and representatives of the business community, is confident that Ukrainians will win their fight. We will stand with you until you win," she added. The Ukrainian servicemen who attended the event expressed gratitude to the United States and the entire American people for their strong support of Ukraine in these difficult times. "These servicemen were trained in various centers in the United States. They personally know how important your support and assistance is," summarized Andriy Yermak. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine