9 captures 24 Apr 2023 - 05 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230424072132/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-rozpovila-pro-novi-ukrayinski-knizhkovi-polic-82437 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our victory in this war will be shared by everyone who was bringing it closer - address by the President of Ukraine 23 April 2023 - 21:14 View all videos n latest news Our victory in this war will be shared by everyone who was bringing it closer - address by the President of Ukraine 23 April 2023 - 21:10 Olena Zelenska spoke about the new Ukrainian bookshelves in the world 23 April 2023 - 11:43 The task is to remove any opportunity for Russia to circumvent sanctions – address of Ukraine's President 22 April 2023 - 21:21 Andriy Yermak had phone talk with foreign policy advisors to heads of government of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Iceland, foreign policy advisor to Finland's President 21 April 2023 - 21:16 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the International Summit of Cities and Regions in Kyiv 20 April 2023 - 16:49 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska spoke about the new Ukrainian bookshelves in the world 23 April 2023 - 11:43 On the occasion of the World Book and Copyright Day, which is celebrated on April 23, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska spoke about the development of her "Ukrainian Bookshelf" project, which includes the transfer of Ukrainian publications to the world's leading libraries. The books were received by the National Library of Armenia, the Library of the Foreign Policy Community of Indonesia, the Central Library of the Capital Library of Hungary, the Maribor Library of Slovenia, the Library of the Municipal Museum of Cyprus, and the City Library of Linköping in Sweden. This became possible thanks to the donor support of the "Kyiv School of Economics" Charitable Foundation (about 4,000 books were given to 22 embassies). In total, Ukrainian bookshelves under the patronage of the First Lady and with the support of the Ministry of Culture and Information Policy, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ukrainian Book Institute have already opened in 37 countries: Austria, Türkiye, Lithuania, Slovakia, Sweden, the Czech Republic, France, the Netherlands, Greece, Latvia, Finland, Jordan, Croatia, Lebanon, Japan, Belgium, Albania, Republic of Korea, Poland, Switzerland, Germany, Spain, Norway, Moldova, Qatar, Slovenia, Azerbaijan, Bulgaria, Portugal, South Africa, Cyprus, UAE, Namibia, North Macedonia, Hungary, Indonesia and Armenia. 170 shelves have 44,000 publications. In addition, the President's wife noted that the books were also subjected to Russian aggression. For example, at the London Book Fair, which was recently held in Great Britain, the Ukrainian stand displayed, in particular, furniture and items from destroyed Ukrainian libraries. "Books are not only victims. They, like our entire culture, are our support. That is why nowadays it is very important that our publishers and publications participate in book fairs around the world, because it is an opportunity to tell through culture about our country and its resistance. In particular, it is particularly gratifying that at the annual Best Baltic Book Design competition, at which Ukraine became an invited country in 2023, one of the awards was won by our "Barrier-free Guide" - a unique publication about equality and correct interaction. This is another example of the fact that our values are shared by the entire free world," the First Lady emphasized. Olena Zelenska noted that she personally supports the representation of Ukraine at international book fairs. In particular, she took part in the Frankfurt Book Fair last year and delivered a video address to the participants of this year's London Book Fair. "Let's support our books so that they support us," summed up the President's wife. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine