9 captures 14 May 2020 - 06 May 2025 Feb MAR Apr 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220323215723/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pracivnikam-dorozhnoyi-galuzi-zabezpechat-minimalnu-zarplatu-60961 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The G7, NATO and EU summits, new sanctions packages and new assistance take place this week - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2022 - 00:05 View all videos n latest news Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 A website for targeted humanitarian aid in Ukraine has been created - President 23 March 2022 - 09:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Minimum wage and social guarantees will be ensured for the workers of road industry - memorandum between Ukravtodor and road companies 30 April 2020 - 21:04 In the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a memorandum was signed between the State Agency of Automobile Roads of Ukraine (Ukravtodor) and market participants on protecting the rights of road workers and creating new jobs. The memorandum provides for the official employment for all workers of the road industry companies, ensures health insurance for all workers, and fixes the minimum wage for road specialties at the level of 9 thousand 670 hryvnias per month. “The condition to ensure the minimum wage for all people who build the roads is the right thing to do. As well as health insurance. This will make the construction of roads more attractive to the workers. People will not have to go abroad in search of work,” the Head of State said. According to Ukravtodor, more than 38,000 road specialists must be involved to implement the ambitious plan to upgrade more than 4,000 km of state roads in 2020. Additional 120,000 jobs will be created in related industries: in the market of design and engineering services, material production and service. Employment in the roadside infrastructure is also expected to increase. Head of Ukravtodor Oleksandr Kubrakov noted that today the average salary in the road industry is 16-17 thousand hryvnias. “I think this is the right trend, and by the end of the year, even more companies will have crossed that line in terms of their workers' salaries. Then Ukraine will become more competitive than neighboring countries. It will simply not make sense to go to other countries for specialists of these professions,” he emphasized. Oleksandr Kubrakov also informed that the online project "Roads and Work" will be launched from May 1 informing about current vacancies in the road industry and development opportunities. The State Tax Service will monitor the implementation of the memorandum on a monthly basis by all participants, especially regarding employment and wages, as well as payment of all taxes, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Yulia Kovaliv noted. "With the signing of this memorandum, we hope that we will be able to show new high-paying jobs with reported salary and payment of taxes by companies every month," she said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine