22 captures 12 Feb 2023 - 14 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230520183622/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/elementi-rosijskoyi-sistemi-yaki-zalucheni-do-vijni-mayut-bu-80949 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I call on you to help protect our people including the Ukrainian Muslim community - address by the President of Ukraine at the Arab League Summit 19 May 2023 - 17:38 View all videos n latest news During visit to Japan Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Emmanuel Macron 20 May 2023 - 15:48 President of Ukraine meets with President of the European Council in Japan 20 May 2023 - 14:36 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Prime Minister of India in Japan 20 May 2023 - 14:04 Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds meeting with Prime Minister of Italy in Japan 20 May 2023 - 13:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The working visit of the Head of State to Japan to participate in the G7 Summit 20 May 2023 - 12:47 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Elements of the Russian system involved in the war must be isolated from the global system - address by the President of Ukraine 12 February 2023 - 20:44 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! This is another sanctions step by our state against the nuclear industry of the terrorist state. By my decree, I put into effect the decision of the National Security and Defense Council to impose sanctions on 200 people working for the Russian nuclear industry. We are doing everything to make sanctions against the Russian nuclear industry part of global sanctions against Russia for the war. It is not easy. There is some resistance. But there was a time when other restrictions against Russia seemed difficult to implement as well. They did. Now they are already in place. For example, on oil and oil products from Russia. All elements of the Russian system that are involved in the war, in providing terror and financing aggression must be isolated from the global system. This will be done! This is all the more true for those who participated in the seizure and illegal actions at our Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant. Russia's radiation blackmail of the world must be punished. This is also something we will be discussing at various diplomatic levels next week. This will be an equally important week for our international positions. We are already preparing for the planned communications and negotiations. We will not interrupt the diplomatic marathon we have launched to strengthen armed and other support for Ukraine for a single week. Today I would like to personally praise everyone who is restoring the energy capabilities of our country. Today and yesterday, the majority of Ukrainians spent without many shutdowns. Of course, unfortunately, there were still restrictions in some districts and cities. Where the degree of destruction is too significant. Of course, with the start of the new week, consumption will increase, and therefore there will be outage schedules. But the very fact that we can have such calm days in terms of energy after the constant terrorist attacks with missiles and Shaheds, after the massive missile attack this week proves the professionalism of our power engineers and the extraordinary dedication of everyone who works on the provision of our energy system. I am grateful to all Ukrainian power engineers, all repair crews, employees of the State Emergency Service, utility workers, regional and local authorities who helped. And to the businesses that have been involved in the relevant work. We must realize that this is not yet a decisive victory on the energy front. Unfortunately, there may be new terrorist attacks from Russia. There may be new restrictions if there is new destruction and consumption growth. But today and yesterday are yet another proof that by working together and helping each other, Ukrainians are doing great things. So let's stay united! Do not waste a single day or a single week! All for the sake of Ukraine! Thank you to everyone who works for our country! Glory to each and every one who is in combat! Glory to all those who are defending Bakhmut, Vuhledar, Chasiv Yar, Maryinka, Avdiivka and all other directions in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, as well as along the entire frontline! Resilience, unity and mutual support are our strength! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine