1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070454/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=67 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President met with high-ranking officials of Benelux countries 7 May 2021 - 14:07 The Head of State thanked the ministers for starting their visit to Ukraine with a trip to Donbas on their own initiative. US enhances support for Ukraine in struggle for restoration of territorial integrity - Volodymyr Zelenskyy after meeting with Antony Blinken 6 May 2021 - 16:47 The United States is well informed about the situation in Donbas and near Ukraine's borders and actively supports Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said after the meeting with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Kyiv. Ukraine implements important reforms that have only been discussed before - President after meeting with US Secretary of State 6 May 2021 - 16:39 Ukraine is implementing important reforms in various areas, which the country has been expecting for years and which the previous authorities have only talked about. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a joint meeting with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and media representatives in Kyiv. President and the US Secretary of State discussed the situation in Donbas, deoccupation of Crimea, international agenda and reforms in Ukraine 6 May 2021 - 14:49 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken, who is on a visit to Ukraine. Meeting between President of Ukraine and US Secretary of State began 6 May 2021 - 11:13 After the negotiations, the President and the US Secretary of State will have a brief conversation with the media. There is less sniper fire in Donbas, but no agreement has been reached on a regime of complete silence - President in a conversation with US Senator 5 May 2021 - 20:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with US Senator, co-chair of the Senate Ukraine Caucus Robert Portman. The situation with the incidence of COVID-19 is improving in Ukraine - meeting chaired by the President 5 May 2021 - 13:15 The situation with the incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine is improving, but it is necessary to accelerate the pace of vaccination. This was discussed during the traditional conference call on combating the spread of COVID-19 chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Signing of the Declaration on Ukraine's European Prospect brings full integration into the European Union closer - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 May 2021 - 18:52 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Andrzej Duda signed a joint bilateral Declaration on Ukraine's European Prospect. This is the second such document concluded between Ukraine and the EU country. As you know, a declaration was signed with Lithuania in March this year. The text of the joint declaration of leaders stipulates that our country has a European prospect in accordance with Article 49 of the Treaty on European Union. Poland always supports Ukraine and the Ukrainian people - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Andrzej Duda in Warsaw 3 May 2021 - 19:42 Poland is ready to fully support Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Polish President Andrzej Duda in Warsaw. In particular, the joint declaration signed today by the leaders of Ukraine and Poland on Warsaw's support for Kyiv's European aspirations is important. President during the discussion with Presidents of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland: Ukraine is a powerful state that will only strengthen the European Union 3 May 2021 - 17:39 The European Union should demonstrate real support for the European integration aspirations of Ukraine, which continues to fight for its independence. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the discussion "The happiness of nations is based on fair laws, the effectiveness of which depends on their implementation" which took place in Warsaw. 1 2 ... 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine