1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033046/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=68 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Acting Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Montenegro 29 May 2023 - 11:01 Ihor Zhovkva conveyed sincere congratulations from President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to President of Montenegro Jakov Milatović on winning the elections. The support we received at the G7 Summit in Hiroshima makes it possible to look to the future with confidence on the way to victory - Andriy Yermak in an interview with the Japanese TV channel NHK 28 May 2023 - 20:15 The Head of the President's Office called it important that this support was not only voiced during meetings and speeches, but also enshrined in the documents adopted following the summit. Kyiv and all our cities, the whole of Ukraine will put an end to the history of Moscow's despotism – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 May 2023 - 19:05 We will pass this extremely difficult stage of history, and all our cities will be free, and our people will be protected from evil. Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: online meeting with representatives of the military and political leadership of the Netherlands took place in the Office of the President 28 May 2023 - 17:37 On behalf of the President of Ukraine and in order to coordinate the implementation of the agreements reached by Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his visit to the Kingdom of the Netherlands, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak, together with other representatives of the Office and the government, held a scheduled meeting via video conference with the Dutch delegation headed by Geoffrey van Leeuwen, Foreign Affairs and Defense Advisor to the Prime Minister of the Netherlands. Any compromise with Russia is a direct path to the next stages of the war - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with La Repubblica 28 May 2023 - 13:33 The Ukrainian Peace Formula should become the basis for ending the war, and any attempts at dialogue or compromise with the aggressor country, Russia, will lead to further escalation. This was stated by Mykhailo Podolyak, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, in an interview with the Italian newspaper La Repubblica. We will continue our sanctions steps, and new, even more extensive sanctions packages are on the way – address of President of Ukraine 27 May 2023 - 21:15 We will also make next week strong from the point of view of our cooperation with partners. We don't lose a single week. Coordination of Ukrainian President's agreements: talks with Turkish delegation led by advisor to President Ibrahim Kalin take place in Office of President 27 May 2023 - 11:37 The head of the President's Office called the consistent interaction of the leadership teams of Ukraine and Türkiye extremely crucial, which makes it possible to have a continuous dialogue on the most urgent issues. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with US Senator Lindsey Graham 26 May 2023 - 19:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with US Senator Lindsey Graham, visiting our country for the third time since the beginning of full-scale Russian aggression. During this week, we have also made substantial progress in providing modern aircraft for Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 May 2023 - 19:23 We will do everything possible, everything impossible, to speed up the supply of more air defense systems of a higher quality to Ukraine – this is literally a daily issue for work with partners. Andriy Yermak: Ukraine will become a NATO member when the security situation allows 26 May 2023 - 16:38 The partner countries that Ukraine wants to see as guarantors of its security on the way to NATO membership support the provision of such guarantees, and the form of their consolidation is currently being discussed. This was stated by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak during a conversation with media representatives in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine