6 captures 09 Jun 2023 - 15 Oct 2025 May JUN Jul 09 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230609222551/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zustrivsya-z-predstavnikami-analitichnih-cent-77805 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We see heroism of our soldiers and are grateful for every minute of their life, which is the life of Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 June 2023 - 20:03 View all videos n latest news We see heroism of our soldiers and are grateful for every minute of their life, which is the life of Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 June 2023 - 20:02 President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands 9 June 2023 - 17:05 Ukraine has gained the ultimate victory in the case of the return of "Scythian gold" 9 June 2023 - 14:08 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Japan 9 June 2023 - 11:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to Kherson, Mykolaiv and Dnipropetrovsk regions 8 June 2023 - 11:43 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President met with representatives of think tanks of Europe and the US 15 September 2022 - 16:08 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with representatives of leading think tanks of Europe and the United States of America, whose visit to our country was organized by the Polish Institute of International Affairs. The Head of State thanked the group of experts for visiting Kyiv during the war, which is another proof of the strong support for Ukraine from the free democratic world. The President noted that thanks to such solidarity, our country has already gained a number of important victories over the occupiers and will be able to completely liberate its territory. "We will win thanks to the supply of weapons, tough sanctions against the Russian aggressor. In particular, we will overcome the famine that Russia provoked by blocking Ukrainian ports. But the main thing is the unity of the civilized world. The work of experts and scientists should contribute to this," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The Head of State emphasized the need to increase defense support of Ukraine from the partner states. Critically important in this regard is the acquisition of air defense systems. "Targeted shelling by the Russian aggressor of critical infrastructure facilities confirms the validity of our requests. The democratic world must provide us with the necessary defense and financial assistance. As soon as possible. This is important not only for us, but also for the world. Otherwise, all states to the west of Ukraine will be under threat. The sooner we receive such help, the sooner this war will end," said the Head of State. During the meeting, there was an exchange of views regarding the package of recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine prepared by the International Working Group under the leadership of Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen. The President emphasized that without such guarantees it is impossible to talk about a stable Europe. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized the need to designate Russia a state – sponsor of terrorism for all the crimes it has already committed and is committing in Ukraine. "For us, this issue is fundamental and obvious. After Bucha, Mariupol, Vinnytsia, Olenivka. After shelling of critical infrastructure facilities," the President said. It was noted that the situation around the Zaporizhzhia NPP is nothing more than another manifestation of nuclear terrorism by the aggressor. Particular attention was paid to the reconstruction of Ukraine, the creation of a compensation mechanism for the damage caused by Russian invasion, and the establishment of a special tribunal on the crime of Russian aggression. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine