1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031453/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=50 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Fumio Kishida: Ukraine-Japan partnership strengthens global security and brings peace closer 21 March 2023 - 20:44 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida, who arrived in our country on a visit. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 21 March 2023 - 15:16 The participants heard a report from the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine on the operational situation on the main frontline directions. The commanders of the operational and strategic groups of troops reported on the course of hostilities within the areas of responsibility of the operational and strategic groups of troops "Khortytsia", "Tavria", "Odesa" and "North". President: The liberation of Moshchun was one of the turning points of our struggle and the beginning of the enemy’s end 21 March 2023 - 14:10 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a ceremony of honoring the memory of the defenders of Ukraine perished during the defense and liberation of Moshchun village in Kyiv region from Russian invaders. First ship with 30 thousand tons of Ukrainian wheat arrived in Kenya as part of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program 20 March 2023 - 17:05 This is the fifth vessel to deliver Ukrainian grain to Africa as part of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program established to overcome the global food crisis, particularly in countries most affected by hunger. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 17 March 2023 - 15:26 The Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine informed about the overall situation at the front. The commanders of the operational and strategic groups of troops reported on the situation in their respective areas. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Prime Minister of Latvia 16 March 2023 - 19:25 Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized the importance of the recent approval by the Latvian government of a new substantial package of military assistance to Ukraine. President of Ukraine had a meeting with American entrepreneur and philanthropist Laurene Powell Jobs 15 March 2023 - 19:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Laurene Powell Jobs, American entrepreneur, philanthropist and owner of The Atlantic magazine. The meeting was also attended by the magazine's editor-in-chief Jeffrey Goldberg and journalist Anne Applebaum. Joint Declaration of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of Iceland Katrín Jakobsdóttir 14 March 2023 - 20:18 The President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Iceland reaffirm their support for the principles of international law, the inviolability of borders, and the right for each state to choose its own path and security arrangements. Ukrainian volunteers fight for our country every day and will definitely emerge victorious - Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with warriors who defend Ukraine in various units 14 March 2023 - 19:13 On the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with warriors who stood up for Ukraine as part of various combat units. The Head of State presented high state awards to the military and relatives of the fallen defenders. President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Iceland 14 March 2023 - 16:58 The Head of State emphasized the fact of the visit of the Prime Minister of Iceland to our country and thanked for the active support of Ukraine by Reykjavik since the first days of full-scale Russian aggression. 1 2 ... 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine