5 captures 20 Sep 2023 - 15 Oct 2025 Aug SEP Oct 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230920105639/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bez-deokupaciyi-krimu-ta-donbasu-ne-bude-spravzhnogo-stalogo-85305 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos To prevent turmoil on the global food market, we can establish grain hubs – Volodymyr Zelenskyy's speech at the SDG Summit 20 September 2023 - 01:01 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine met with the UN Secretary-General 20 September 2023 - 01:15 In New York, Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed the protection of people and cooperation in civil defense with Benjamin Netanyahu 20 September 2023 - 01:04 To prevent turmoil on the global food market, we can establish grain hubs – Volodymyr Zelenskyy's speech at the SDG Summit 20 September 2023 - 00:43 As nukes are restrained, likewise the aggressor and all its methods of war must be restrained – Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his speech at the UN General Assembly 19 September 2023 - 23:31 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States of America 19 September 2023 - 02:19 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Without de-occupation of Crimea and Donbas, there will be no real lasting peace either in Ukraine or in Europe – Head of State at Ambrosetti Economic Forum 1 September 2023 - 17:31 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has said that the recent events in Russia clearly demonstrated that the Russian President cannot be trusted, therefore there is no point in negotiating with him, and everyone in the world should realize this. The Head of State stated this participating online in the Ambrosetti international economic forum in Italy. According to Zelenskyy, there are many signs that the Russian President kills inconvenient figures within his country, giving them public and non-public guarantees, and this shows the weakness of Vladimir Putin. "That is, it speaks of the weakness of his word. This, by the way, is a very important point. All our partners should pay attention to this. Is it possible to negotiate in principle with Putin? I think no. Under no circumstances. Because he doesn't keep his word. And it is not a question whom he gives this word to: his terrorists or some political leaders inside his state or outside. Putin cannot be trusted, and his word is worthless," the President of Ukraine said. In addition, in his opinion, events in Russia indicate that Putin does not trust the institutions of his state, does not act in accordance with its laws, and is not yet sure that the radical part of Russian society will support him. Zelenskyy also said answering the questions that without the de-occupation of Crimea and Donbas, without the liberation of all temporarily occupied Ukrainian territories, there will be no real lasting peace either in Ukraine or in the entire European space. According to the Head of State, the issue of de-occupation of Crimea can be resolved through diplomatic or military means, but the latter will have a higher price. "We are in favor of Russian troops leaving the peninsula without pressure from our army, because there will be fewer victims. We protect our people. I only care about my people now, and let President Putin take care of the Russians," he said. The Ambrosetti Forum is an annual international economic closed-door conference that usually takes place in early September at Villa d'Este in Cernobbio (Lake Como, Italy). It was founded in 1975 by Alfredo Ambrosetti, head of The European House – Ambrosetti consulting firm. The forum is recognized as one of the most important events in the world, where world statesmen, leaders of leading companies, Nobel laureates and other influential personalities from around the world meet to discuss the most controversial and acute problems of our time, the trends of the global economy. Speakers included Kofi Annan, Joseph Biden, Hillary Clinton, Mauro Ferrari, Bill Gates, Emmanuel Macron, and Shimon Peres. In 2022, President of Ukraine Zelenskyy also spoke online to the participants of the forum. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine