6 captures 18 Jun 2024 - 24 Jul 2025 May JUN Jul 18 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240618230015/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-iz-radnikom-prezidenta-par-pidsumki-91645 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Witness the World's Determination Opening New Prospects for Restoring Our Security — the Address by the President 18 June 2024 - 21:01 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak Discussed Peace Summit Outcomes and Further Contacts Development with Advisor to the President of South Africa 18 June 2024 - 22:41 We Witness the World's Determination Opening New Prospects for Restoring Our Security — the Address by the President 18 June 2024 - 20:56 The President Met with the Speaker of Lithuania’s Seimas 18 June 2024 - 19:11 Presidential Office Held a Discussion on Reforming Legal Education 18 June 2024 - 16:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Took Part in Festivities on the Occasion of Graduation of the Officers from the National Defense University 18 June 2024 - 13:08 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak Discussed Peace Summit Outcomes and Further Contacts Development with Advisor to the President of South Africa 18 June 2024 - 22:41 In furtherance of the dialogue between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa, the Head of the Presidential Office, Andriy Yermak, held a telephone conversation with the National Security Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa, Sydney Mufamadi. The parties discussed the outcomes of the inaugural Peace Summit held in Switzerland. Andriy Yermak expressed his gratitude for South Africa's participation in the Summit and its contribution to finding ways to achieve a just peace. He expressed his confidence that the Republic of South Africa shares the principles of peace outlined in the Joint Communiqué on a Peace Framework and that more states will support it in the near future. The Head of the Presidential Office spoke about the plans to hold a series of thematic conferences at the ministerial and expert level on all points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, which will help to attract even more countries to sign the Joint Communiqué. The parties also discussed the possibility of involving South Africa in the implementation of joint initiatives to ensure global food security. Andriy Yermak and Sydney Mufamadi approved a follow-up plan for high-level contacts between Ukraine and the Republic of South Africa. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine