4 captures 24 Nov 2022 - 03 Oct 2023 Oct NOV Dec 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221124134919/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-ta-igor-zhovkva-zustrilisya-z-delegaciyeyu-zh-79389 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I urge you to do everything possible so that the OSCE becomes a co-creator of the victory over Russian terror - President during his speech at the OSCE PA 24 November 2022 - 14:07 View all videos n latest news The Yermak-McFaul sanctions group developed a new document on increasing the effectiveness of sanctions against Russia 24 November 2022 - 15:04 I urge you to do everything possible so that the OSCE becomes a co-creator of the victory over Russian terror - President during his speech at the OSCE PA 24 November 2022 - 13:59 Olena Zelenska and Ihor Zhovkva met with a delegation of women – leaders of the EU countries 24 November 2022 - 12:38 Energy workers, utility workers, State Emergency Service will work round the clock; we are gradually connecting new and new districts - address by the President of Ukraine 24 November 2022 - 00:33 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the state award ceremony on the Day of Dignity and Freedom and the Day of Airborne Assault Troops 21 November 2022 - 14:35 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska and Ihor Zhovkva met with a delegation of women – leaders of the EU countries 24 November 2022 - 12:38 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska together with Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with a delegation of women – leaders of the EU countries responsible for the European direction of their states. The delegation was headed by Vice-President of the European Parliament Nicola Beer (Federal Republic of Germany). The delegation included: Federal Minister for the EU and Constitution of the Republic of Austria Karoline Edtstadler, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Education, and Sport of the Principality of Liechtenstein Dominique Hasler, Minister of State for Europe and Climate of the Federal Republic of Germany Anna Lührmann, State Secretary for Europe of the Republic of Croatia ‍‍Andreja Metelko-Zgombić, State Secretary for EU of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Romania Daniela Gitman, Parliamentary Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Latvia Gunda Reire and Vice-Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Lithuania Jovita Neliupšienė. The President's wife thanked the interlocutors for the significant help from their countries to Ukraine since the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia. Important support for millions of forced temporary migrants from Ukraine who found refuge in EU countries was separately noted. "We are grateful for the creation of conditions for the integration of children from Ukraine into the educational system of European countries, as well as for the opportunity to learn the language of the host country," Olena Zelenska emphasized. The First Lady outlined the key directions of her activities to support the most vulnerable sections of the population, as well as those Ukrainians who suffered the most from the war. For his part, Ihor Zhovkva thanked the represented countries for their reliable support of Ukraine's European integration course. "Granting Ukraine the status of a candidate for EU membership is not only a strong political signal of support. This plays an important moral and psychological role for every Ukrainian and is an integral part of Ukraine's great victory over terrorist Russia," he noted. The Deputy Head of the President's Office told European high-ranking officials about the status of implementation of the recommendations of the European Commission necessary for Ukraine to become a member of the European Union and called on European countries to increase sanctions pressure on the aggressor country and act as a guarantor of security for our state. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine