10 captures 28 Aug 2021 - 08 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072447/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-vzyav-uchast-u-svyatkovomu-paradi-vijsk-z-nag-70337 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news President signed a decree on the imposition of martial law in Ukraine, the Verkhovna Rada approved it 24 February 2022 - 08:57 Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President took part in the festive Parade of Troops on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence 24 August 2021 - 13:23 With the participation of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the festive Parade of Troops was held in the center of the capital on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence. Before the event, a historic theatrical performance called "DNA" (Independence Day) took place on Maidan Nezalezhnosti. On the main square of Ukraine setups and elements of scenery were located, presenting the most important pages of Ukrainian history from the times of Trypillya culture to the present. The main hero of the performance was a girl who symbolized Ukraine. She passed by theatrical setups: the era of Kyivan Rus’, the Cossack era, literary Ukraine, the liberation struggle, scientific Ukraine, the Holodomor, World War II, Soviet Ukraine, Independent Ukraine. In the final episode of the theatrical performance, the main character ran along Khreschatyk to the parade of troops and handed flowers to the warrior. After that, a solemn parade of troops began with the carrying of the flag of Ukraine 30 meters long in honor of the anniversary of independence. “What is a powerful country? A country that dreams ambitiously and acts decisively. A country that is not afraid of the words "first time". That is why, for the first time in 30 years, Antonov is building three planes for the state. New tanks and helicopters with Ukrainian blades are being built for the army this year. A powerful country is reviving its naval fleet, naval bases and building corvettes. A powerful country is a country that adopts a missile program for 10 years,” the President noted in his solemn speech on Maidan Nezalezhnosti. In addition to the Ukrainian military, the Parade was also joined by representatives of the armies of partner countries - the United States, Lithuania, Estonia, Georgia, Denmark, Norway, Canada, Moldova and other countries. The marching procession was completed by an international combined orchestra with the participation of military partner countries (USA, Great Britain, Poland). The parade continued with the flight of aircraft of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, the Land Forces, the Navy, the National Guard of Ukraine, the State Emergency Service, the State Border Service of Ukraine, the National Police of Ukraine, the Antonov State Enterprise and partner countries. In particular, one could see the pride of Ukraine in the sky - the world's largest transport aircraft An-225 Mriya. At the same time, the external raid of the seaport of Odesa hosted a ceremonial passage of warships, boats and ships and the flight of aircraft, demonstration of aerobatic maneuvers by light civil aircraft, passage of ships and boats of partner countries, NATO member states. A combined mechanized column of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and other security and defense forces of Ukraine passed through Khreschatyk. The parade also demonstrated Ukrainian AFU’s artillery systems, rocket-propelled grenade launchers, air defense systems, unmanned aerial vehicles, including domestic ones. Finally, a demonstration flight of aircraft with blue-yellow smoke took place in the sky over Kyiv. v Videos ph Participation of the President in the events marking the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's Independence 24 August 2021 - 10:17 ph Participation of the President in the events marking the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's Independence 24 August 2021 - 10:17 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine