6 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 12 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101195304/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-10-2023&date-to=31-10-2024&page=181 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The President of Ukraine, together with the President of the European Commission, greet Ukrainian railway workers on their professional holiday 4 November 2023 - 12:56 The President expressed his gratitude to all male and female Ukrainian railway workers who, despite the dangers, work for the sake of the state and the values that unite all of Europe, despite the enemy's attempts to disrupt our lives. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the President of South African Republic 4 November 2023 - 11:34 The interlocutors discussed in detail the outcomes of the third meeting that took place in Malta on October 28-29, regarding the restoration of a sustainable and just peace based on the Ukrainian Peace Formula. Ihor Zhovkva meets with Head of NATO Representation to Ukraine 3 November 2023 - 21:59 Ihor Zhovkva discussed with Karen McTear the progress in implementing the decisions of this year's NATO Summit in Vilnius, aimed at strengthening Ukraine's cooperation with the Alliance and realizing our country's Euro-Atlantic aspirations. Every time I meet with our soldiers, I see not just a readiness to defend Ukraine, but a determination to win this war – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 3 November 2023 - 19:22 I remember well how people were feeling on February 24 and in the early days of the full-scale war. I remember what was said and who said it. Who believed and who was mistaken by not believing in Ukraine. It's important to be as confident in Ukraine now as we were back then. On the occasion of the Day of Missile Forces and Artillery and the Engineering Troops Day, Volodymyr Zelenskyy presents state awards to Ukraine's defenders 3 November 2023 - 13:35 "Today, we celebrate the professional day of those warriors who are the backbone of all the Defense and Security Forces of Ukraine. This is the Day of Missile Forces and Artillery, and this is the Engineering Troops Day. These are the branches of the military that create a reliable foundation for the resilience of Ukraine's defenders and the advancement of our units," the Head of State said in his speech. President of Ukraine visits training center for missile forces and artillery units, examines latest models of artillery, engineering weaponry 3 November 2023 - 13:17 The President was also shown the cooperation between artillery and engineering troops in performing combat tasks, including suppressing enemy firing positions, setting up mine-explosive barriers, and occupying hostile positions. I am confident Ukraine will definitely win; be confident in yourselves – address by the President of Ukraine 2 November 2023 - 20:39 I am grateful to the United States for the new and very powerful sanctions decision. More than 220 Russian – and not only Russian – entities that work on aggression are now under U.S. sanctions. The Head of State meets with the Minister of Defence of the Netherlands 2 November 2023 - 17:58 "We are grateful to the Netherlands for important decisions in support of Ukraine, made during critical times. These decisions have served as a signal to other partners, as was the case with the Patriot and F-16. This is significant support for our army and our people," the Head of State said. Ceremonial first performance of children's anti-war opera takes place at National Philharmonic as part of President's Bring Kids Back UA plan 2 November 2023 - 15:53 The legendary opera was performed by the voices of young Ukrainians who lived under Russian occupation, left Ukraine fleeing from the war unleashed by Russia, and whose parents are serving on the front lines. Andriy Yermak discussed the results of the third national security and political advisors' meeting in Malta with Jake Sullivan 2 November 2023 - 09:45 On behalf of the President of Ukraine, in the framework of the ongoing dialogue with the allies, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. 1 2 ... 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine