6 captures 29 May 2023 - 23 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230529160848/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=29-09-2021&date-to=29-09-2022&page=11 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kyiv and all our cities, the whole of Ukraine will put an end to the history of Moscow's despotism – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 May 2023 - 19:09 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the Day of the SSSCIP 25 May 2023 - 13:33 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We still need to strengthen our cooperation with partners to overcome Russian terror – address by the President of Ukraine 12 September 2022 - 23:00 Why is the biggest source of terror in the world - Russia - still able to wage this war? And why can it wage the war so cruelly and cynically? There is only one reason - insufficient pressure on Russia. The response to the terror of this state is insufficient. President of Ukraine and the Director General of the International Organization for Migration discussed the support for Ukrainians suffering from the war 12 September 2022 - 19:43 He expressed gratitude to the head of the IOM for the practical help from the United Nations to more than a million Ukrainians - both forcibly displaced people outside our country and internally displaced persons. President of Ukraine honored the memory of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II 12 September 2022 - 11:22 The Head of State left a note in the book of mourning and laid flowers in the territory of the residence. Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed his sincere condolences on behalf of the Ukrainian people to the United Kingdom and the countries of the Commonwealth. I want to dedicate this address to those who have been bravely standing for 200 days, being the exact reason why Ukraine stands - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 September 2022 - 22:10 Today is 200 days of our resistance. Our struggle. Our people’s war. For freedom, for independence, for the right to be. In these 200 days, we have achieved a lot, but the most important, and therefore the most difficult, is ahead. And I want to dedicate this address to those who are ahead. Today, Ukraine has changed the formats of international communication and has become a much more powerful state than before the war - Mykhailo Podolyak 11 September 2022 - 14:19 Since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion, Ukraine has been urging the world community to abandon abstract formulations and move to clear statements and concrete actions in order to achieve results and defeat the aggressor. This opinion was expressed by Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podolyak on "VIP with Natalia Moseichuk" program on 1+1 TV channel. Andriy Yermak met with the American businessman in the field of IT, former CEO of Google Eric Schmidt 11 September 2022 - 13:30 Eric Schmidt has previously worked with the US Department of Defense on innovation issues, and his family has established philanthropic foundations in the areas of sustainable development and responsible use of natural resources. Andriy Yermak thanked the businessman for the support and assistance he provided to Ukraine since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion. The creation of a tribunal on the crime of aggression is a matter of maturity for the entire civilized world - Deputy Head of the President's Office at the YES meeting 11 September 2022 - 12:34 The creation of a tribunal on the crime of aggression is a matter not of the war in Ukraine, but of the maturity of the entire civilized world, which it lacked in 2008, when Russia came with aggression to Georgia, and in 2014, when the Russian Federation came to Crimea and Donbas. This was stated by Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Smyrnov during the panel discussion "Crime and Punishment - War Crimes, Genocide and Tribunal" at the 17th Yalta European Strategy (YES) meeting. Designating Russia a state – sponsor of terrorism will be a "silver bullet" for its military machine - Andriy Yermak 11 September 2022 - 09:31 The most effective and efficient damage to Russia and its military machine will be the recognition of the Russian Federation as a state – sponsor of terrorism. This belief was expressed by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during a panel discussion on the introduction and application of sanctions on the aggressor country, which took place in the framework of the Yalta European Strategy (YES) annual meeting. Heroism of Ukrainians should change NATO's attitude towards prospect of Ukraine's membership, which will only strengthen the Alliance – Andriy Yermak at YES meeting 10 September 2022 - 23:30 Ukraine needs reliable and legally justified security guarantees that would work and protect our state from the repetition of such a full-scale aggression committed by the Russian Federation. This was emphasized by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak at the Yalta European Strategy (YES) Annual Meeting in Kyiv. Negotiations with the Russian Federation are still impossible because it cannot formulate adequate positions – Zelenskyy at YES 10 September 2022 - 23:15 Currently, no negotiations with the Russian Federation regarding the end of the war are possible, since the Russian side cannot formulate any adequate positions. This was said by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, when he was taking part in a panel discussion at the 17th meeting of the Yalta European Strategy "Ukraine: Defending All Our Freedom". 1 2 ... 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 ... 150 151 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine