4 captures 24 Feb 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Jan FEB Mar 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230224225738/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/moye-zavdannya-robiti-vse-shob-svit-ne-poslabiv-pidtrimku-uk-81249 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy "The furious year of invincibility" 24 February 2023 - 08:09 View all videos n latest news President: I believe those guilty of war crimes in Ukraine will be justly punished 24 February 2023 - 21:21 Ukraine grateful to Japan for its support, in particular within G7 – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 February 2023 - 21:05 My task is to do everything so that the world does not weaken its support for Ukraine – President 24 February 2023 - 20:59 President of Ukraine takes part in meeting of G7 leaders via video link 24 February 2023 - 19:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in state events on the anniversary of invincibility 24 February 2023 - 11:56 Go to all galleries Home News Current events My task is to do everything so that the world does not weaken its support for Ukraine – President 24 February 2023 - 20:59 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy considers it necessary to make every effort so that the world preserves unity around Ukraine and continues supporting our country in its struggle for freedom and independence. The Head of State stated this at a press conference for representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media entitled "February. The Year of Invincibility." "My task as the President, the leader of our country, is not to make even an assumption about the weakening of support for Ukraine under any circumstances. I believe that unity, uniting the world is my main task," Zelenskyy said. He said that Ukraine needs the supply of weapons to maintain its statehood and defend itself from invasion. "We are not at war. We are fighting for our lives," the President said. The Head of State said that some countries show fatigue from the war in Ukraine due to internal economic problems provoked by Russian aggression. "The important point is to tell everyone that it is not our war, we are fighting for all of you. This war did not cause the crisis – it is Russia that is creating the crisis specifically to weaken your support and blame Ukraine. And my task is to do everything so that the world's support for Ukraine does not weaken," Zelenskyy said. ph 24 February 2023 - 20:23 ph 24 February 2023 - 20:23 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine