5 captures 28 Nov 2020 - 07 Jun 2023 Mar APR May 05 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220405090313/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/aktivizaciya-normandskogo-formatu-predstavniki-nimechchini-t-65089 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There is ample evidence that it is Russian troops who destroy peaceful cities, torture and kill civilians - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 April 2022 - 00:47 View all videos n latest news There is ample evidence that it is Russian troops who destroy peaceful cities, torture and kill civilians - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 April 2022 - 00:38 Ukraine is an integral part of Europe and the democratic world and deserves to be at the center of the European security system - Head of the President's Office 4 April 2022 - 22:36 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Romanian Parliament 4 April 2022 - 21:26 Andriy Yermak: The crimes committed by the Russian military in Bucha are genocide 4 April 2022 - 18:59 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kyiv region 4 April 2022 - 17:17 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Intensification of the Normandy format: representatives of Germany and France supported the position of Ukraine on the development of a single document for the effective operation of the TCG 13 November 2020 - 23:08 On Friday, November 13, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak took part in a working meeting of political advisers to the leaders of the Normandy Four in the format of a video conference. During the meeting, Foreign Policy Adviser to German Chancellor Jan Hecker noted the progress of the Ukrainian party, in particular the opening of two new checkpoints in the Luhansk region. "We’ve noticed significant progress on the ground. Ukraine has opened two additional checkpoints in the Luhansk region," he said. The German Chancellor's political adviser called on Russia to take immediate measures to provide passage from the territories not controlled by the Ukrainian government, which are currently blocking the launch of these checkpoints. Jan Hecker also stressed the need to ensure unhindered access of representatives of the International Committee of the Red Cross to places of detention in the temporarily occupied territories of Donbas in order to speed up the process of verifying the lists for mutual release of detainees. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak thanked the partners from Germany and France for the initiative to hold today's video conference and for their support for the Ukrainian party. He also thanked the parties for supporting the ceasefire in Donbas, as it helps save the lives and health of Ukrainian citizens. At the same time, Andriy Yermak noted the need to intensify the work of the Trilateral Contact Group. Therefore, he called for the adoption of a document that would give impetus to the Minsk negotiating format. In particular, the Head of the Office of the President spoke about the action plan prepared by the Ukrainian party. “The document is entitled "Plan of joint steps of the members of the Trilateral Contact Group for the implementation of the Minsk agreements". We consider this document as one that concerns the implementation of the Minsk agreements in the work of the TCG. This document is the result of all important developments both in the Normandy format in the past and in the work of the TCG. If an understanding is reached, I believe that this plan of joint steps can really become the basis of a great road map that we can adopt at the level of the Normandy format," he said. Andriy Yermak noted that the Ukrainian document summarizes the proposals voiced by the parties at the TCG meetings. The participants of the meeting agreed to continue consultations on the development of a single road map based on the document submitted by Ukraine. Ukraine supported the proposal of the German party to organize the work of expert groups of advisers to the leaders of the countries participating in the Normandy format to accelerate this process. "Of course, next week our representatives are ready to be in Berlin to continue working on the document," Andriy Yermak said. According to him, it will be useful to continue working in both the TCG format and the Normandy format. Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of France Emmanuel Bonne noted that the development of a single document will allow the parties to achieve progress in the negotiations within the Trilateral Contact Group. The Russian party agreed with the need to intensify the work of the TCG. Along with the consideration of the plan of joint steps of the TCG participants in the implementation of the Minsk agreements, this indicates the possibility of accelerating the work of the group in all areas, primarily humanitarian. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine