11 captures 15 Sep 2024 - 06 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 15 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240915190546/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-poyasnili-vzhe-vsim-partneram-chomu-ukrayini-dijsno-potri-93301 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Have Already Explained to All Our Partners Why Ukraine Truly Needs Sufficient Long-Range Capabilities – Address by the President 15 September 2024 - 19:12 View all videos n latest news We Have Already Explained to All Our Partners Why Ukraine Truly Needs Sufficient Long-Range Capabilities – Address by the President 15 September 2024 - 19:09 Ukraine Continues to Rely on U.S. Support at This Defining Moment – Andriy Yermak During Meeting with Congress Members 15 September 2024 - 13:12 Restoration Projects and Financial Assistance: the Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with the Special Envoy of the President of France 14 September 2024 - 22:02 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Delegation of the U.S. Congress 14 September 2024 - 21:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's Participation in the 20th Annual Yalta European Strategy Meeting 13 September 2024 - 15:25 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We Have Already Explained to All Our Partners Why Ukraine Truly Needs Sufficient Long-Range Capabilities – Address by the President 15 September 2024 - 19:09 Dear Ukrainians! Rescue operations are still underway in Kharkiv. A Russian aerial bomb hit a house. An ordinary multi-storey residential building. There was a fire, ceilings collapsed. It is known that people are trapped under the rubble. As of now, 35 people are reported injured, including three children. All emergency services, rescue teams, medics, and utility workers quickly arrived at the scene, and aid is being provided to all those affected. In total, four aerial bombs were used in this strike on the Kharkiv region alone. One targeted Kharkiv, the house, and the other three targeted villages in the Kharkiv region. Today, Russian forces also hit our Sumy and Donetsk regions with such bombs. In total, there are no fewer than a hundred airstrikes of this kind every day. Just in the past 24 hours, 128 guided aerial bombs were used. The only way to counter this terror is with a systemic solution, and that solution is long-range capabilities – enabling us to destroy Russian military aircraft at their bases. This is an obvious, sensible decision. We have already explained to all our partners why Ukraine truly needs sufficient long-range capabilities. And every such Russian strike, every instance of Russian terror, like today’s attacks on Kharkiv, on our Sumy and Donetsk regions, proves that long-range capabilities are necessary and the range must be sufficient. We are expecting corresponding decisions, especially from the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy – everyone whose resolve can help save lives. Today, repair crews in the Donetsk region, who were actually working under the threat of shelling, restored electricity to people in Kramatorsk, Slovyansk, and Kostiantynivka. Nearly one hundred and fifty thousand residents of the Kramatorsk district were without electricity due to the Russian attack. And, of course, this is truly the heroism of our people – everyone working for the sake of Ukraine and Ukrainians – that despite everything, basic services are being restored. There was also a report by Viktor Mykyta, Deputy Head of the Presidential Office for Regional Policy, on the situation in the Odesa region due to severe weather. Heavy rains these days, flooding in the Odesa region. The State Emergency Service of Ukraine, regional and local authorities are all involved. Unfortunately, there are also critical situations in our neighboring countries due to these extreme rains. On my instructions, Ukraine's Foreign Minister Andriy Sybiha offered assistance from the SES of Ukraine to the affected countries in our part of Europe. And one more thing. Today, there was a report from Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi. Every day, unwavering attention is paid to the frontline and our operation in the Kursk region. The Pokrovsk, Kurakhove, Toretsk, and Kupyansk directions – I want to thank every unit that is truly defending their positions. The 46th separate airmobile brigade, the paratroopers of the 79th brigade, the 25th separate airborne brigade, the 54th separate mechanized brigade, and the 35th separate marine brigade. I am grateful to all of you, warriors! In the Kursk region, we continue our active operations, and it is crucial that the "exchange fund" for us, for our state is being replenished. I thank everyone who fights and works for Ukraine, for the sake of all of us, for the sake of all Ukrainians! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine