1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031506/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=32 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Rishi Sunak in Moldova 1 June 2023 - 18:16 "I am grateful to the UK and personally to Mr. Prime Minister for the assistance provided to Ukraine. For the leadership in the creation of tank and aviation coalitions, in particular in readiness to start training Ukrainian pilots," the President of Ukraine emphasized. Joint Declaration of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of Romania Klaus Werner Iohannis on the Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine 1 June 2023 - 17:03 The President of Ukraine and the President of Romania welcome the significant achievements of Ukraine in advancing on the path of Euro-Atlantic integration; confirm their commitment to strengthen joint efforts in supporting the integration of Ukraine with the Alliance and implementation of NATO standards. President of Ukraine met with the President of Romania 1 June 2023 - 16:58 The parties emphasized the importance of increasing support for Ukraine on its path to the EU and NATO. The signing by the heads of state of a declaration of support for Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration was evidence of this clear position on the part of Romania. In the framework of the European Political Community Summit, President of Ukraine met with the President of the European Commission 1 June 2023 - 14:59 The leaders discussed concrete ways to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula and consolidate global support for Ukraine's peace initiative. Joint statement on International Children's Day by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President Ursula von der Leyen 1 June 2023 - 14:21 On the occasion of the International Children's Day on 1 June, President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, and President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, met on the sidelines of the Second meeting of the European Political Community, and issued the following joint statement. President of Ukraine held a joint meeting with Prime Ministers of Albania and North Macedonia 1 June 2023 - 13:55 The President expressed gratitude to the leaders of the Balkan countries for their consistent comprehensive support of Ukraine and practical assistance in the fight against Russian aggression, as well as in the realization of European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations of our state. In the framework of the Summit of the European Political Community, the President of Ukraine met with the President and the Prime Minister of Moldova 1 June 2023 - 13:06 According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, he discussed with Maia Sandu the issues of bilateral relations, some infrastructure projects that are a priority for implementation in the near future, as well as the European future of the two countries. In Odesa region, the Head of State visited wounded defenders of Ukraine in the hospital and presented state awards to the military and medical personnel 31 May 2023 - 19:54 During his working visit to Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the hospital of the Armed Forces of Ukraine wounded in the fighting with the Russian occupiers, particularly in the Bakhmut sector. In Odesa region, the President introduced the new Head of the RSA and held a meeting on the situation in the region 31 May 2023 - 18:22 Volodymyr Zelenskyy also heard information from the relevant leaders on the activity maintenance of Odesa region and the city of Odesa, as well as the operational and criminogenic situation in the region. President of Ukraine met with actor Misha Collins who became UNITED24 Ambassador in the area of humanitarian demining 31 May 2023 - 12:09 Misha Collins said that his friend, British journalist and photographer Giles Duley, once stepped on an explosive device in Afghanistan and lost both legs and an arm. So for him, helping with humanitarian demining is a personal issue. 1 2 ... 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine