2 captures 24 Mar 2023 - 24 Mar 2023 Feb MAR Apr 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230324051452/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=23-03-2022&date-to=23-03-2023&page=178 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson region 23 March 2023 - 13:06 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President awarded the National Guard soldiers who distinguished themselves in battles with the Russian aggressor 26 March 2022 - 16:02 In addition, the Head of State conferred the military rank of Brigadier General upon Colonels of the National Guard. Today, ten humanitarian corridors have been agreed in the Kyiv, Luhansk and Donetsk regions - Iryna Vereshchuk 26 March 2022 - 12:52 As of March 26, ten humanitarian corridors have been agreed in Ukraine to evacuate people from settlements affected by the Russian invasion. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Iryna Vereshchuk. Volodymyr Zelenskyy at Doha Forum – 2022: Europe's refusal to purchase Russian oil and gas is only a matter of time, so it is necessary to increase energy production in the world 26 March 2022 - 12:14 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy called on energy-supplying countries, including Qatar, to increase energy production in order to deprive Russia of opportunities for energy blackmail and thus contribute to stabilizing the situation in Europe. The construction of temporary housing is envisaged within the new program of support for IDPs - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 March 2022 - 23:05 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced the preparation of a program to support internally displaced persons, which provides for the construction of temporary housing for citizens who have fled the areas of hostilities. Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during the participation in the video meeting of the Atlantic Council 25 March 2022 - 22:27 And now it's time for the aggressor to pay. We call for the sanctions regime to be strengthened. We call for the strict observance of sanctions. We call for the introduction of mechanisms that will make it impossible for international companies to circumvent sanctions. Give the world a model that will deprive Russia of the opportunity to pursue an aggressive policy for many years to come. Not only after the end of the active phase of hostilities on the territory of Ukraine. By restraining Russian actions, our defenders are leading the Russian leadership to the idea: talk is necessary - address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 March 2022 - 22:18 The conversation must be meaningful. Ukrainian sovereignty must be guaranteed. Ukraine's territorial integrity must be ensured. That is, the conditions must be fair. And the Ukrainian people will not accept others. 112 Ukrainian orphans and children with disabilities left for Innsbruck, Austria 25 March 2022 - 14:45 112 Ukrainian children with families, orphans and children with disabilities left for the Austrian city of Innsbruck. This is the second group of young Ukrainians sent to Austria under the agreement between governor of Tyrol Günther Platter, the Embassy of Ukraine in the Republic of Austria and the First Lady Olena Zelenska. President presented state awards to the employees of the Security Service of Ukraine who proved themselves in repelling Russian aggression 25 March 2022 - 14:17 On the 30th anniversary of the Security Service of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to the employees of the Security Service of Ukraine for courage, dedication and exemplary performance of official duties in defending the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our state. If Russia had known what it would face in Ukraine, it would have definitely been afraid to come here - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 March 2022 - 01:11 The 30th day. It's been a month! If Russia had known it would face that, I’m sure they would have definitely been afraid to come here. During this month, we’ve withstood all the main directions of Russian strikes. The world has applied destructive sanctions. And we are reaching an agreement on new ones. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting of the European Council 25 March 2022 - 01:03 And now you and I are preparing Ukraine's membership in the European Union. Finally. Here I ask you - do not be late. Please. Because during this month you have compared these worlds, and you see everything. You saw who is worth what. And you saw that Ukraine should be in the EU in the near future. 1 2 ... 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine