1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033140/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=99 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – I am grateful to everyone who reminds that Russian aggression can end much faster if the world is faster - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2023 - 22:12 The destroyed Ukrainian cities and villages along the border of the terrorist state, Russia's constant blackmail and threats to destroy lives in other countries as well, the constant refusal to return to real peace and the mockery of basic international norms are all sufficient reasons to put pressure and fight. Ihor Zhovkva: Start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU is an investment in the secure future of Europe 28 March 2023 - 20:12 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with a delegation of the European Parliament's political group "Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats" headed by its President Iratxe García Pérez. President held a coordination meeting regarding the security situation, reinforcement and protection of the state border in the Sumy region 28 March 2023 - 16:44 In Sumy, under the chairmanship of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a coordination meeting was held with the heads of armed forces and law enforcement agencies on reinforcement and protection of the state border and the security situation in the Sumy region. In the Sumy region, the President checked the readiness of border units to take action to protect the state border 28 March 2023 - 16:18 Volodymyr Zelenskyy also heard a report on the order of defense and protection of the border of Ukraine within the area of responsibility of the Sumy border detachment. In the Sumy region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the occasion of the anniversary of the liberation of Trostyanets from the Russian invaders 28 March 2023 - 15:13 The Head of State noted that these days Ukraine is celebrating the anniversary of liberation of the cities and communities of the northern regions from the Russian invaders: Sumy region, Chernihiv region and Kyiv region. President took part in the events on the occasion of the anniversary of the heroic defense of Okhtyrka 28 March 2023 - 14:19 "It is a great honor for me to confer the honorary title of Hero City, Defender City, Victor City upon Okhtyrka today," the President said. Ihor Zhovkva and Daria Herasymchuk discussed with representatives of foreign embassies the rescue of Ukrainian children deported by Russia 28 March 2023 - 10:44 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva and Advisor - President's Commissioner for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk held a meeting with representatives of foreign embassies, where they discussed the problem of Ukrainian children deported and forcibly relocated by Russia. Olena Zelenska discussed the restoration of Ukraine with the youth 28 March 2023 - 00:03 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska together with the participants of the UPSHIFT program of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) took part in the "UNICEF: Youth for Ukraine. Recovery Plan" meeting. I held an away meeting of the Staff - in Dnipro, a strategic city in the center of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 March 2023 - 22:39 At the Staff’s meeting, we discussed the overall situation in the frontline areas, the reinforcement and protection of our borders along the entire length of the front - from the Kherson region to the Kharkiv region. In the Dnipropetrovsk region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Nikopol district, which is constantly under enemy fire 27 March 2023 - 20:36 The Head of State observed the situation in the Nikopol district, the consequences of the enemy's terrorist attacks on Nikopol, Marhanets and other settlements in the region. 1 2 ... 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine