2 captures 24 Mar 2023 - 24 Mar 2023 Feb MAR Apr 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230324051541/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=23-03-2022&date-to=23-03-2023&page=179 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson region 23 March 2023 - 13:06 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine met with the Speakers of the Parliaments of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia who arrived in Kyiv 24 March 2022 - 20:34 "From the first hours you are with us - at the level of leaders, at the level of nations. That is why we are grateful to you. In Ukraine, everyone understands this, everyone appreciates it," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Group of Seven summit 24 March 2022 - 17:21 No advances to such a Russian state! Never again. Any steps towards it or towards any other violator of international law should take place only after their steps towards peace, towards universally recognized rules. And on the basis of a system of preventive deterrence. Israel could become one of the guarantors of the international agreement on security guarantees for Ukraine, as it should understand us like no other - Andriy Yermak 24 March 2022 - 15:42 Ukraine would like the State of Israel to be one of the guarantors of a major international treaty that would provide clear security guarantees for our country after the end of the war with Russia. Ukraine also hopes for an effective mediation role of Israel in ending the war and more powerful assistance to our country. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during a conversation with the Israeli media. Speech by the President of Ukraine at the Riksdag in Sweden 24 March 2022 - 14:18 The blue and yellow colors of the national flag are not just about Ukraine. This is about you as well, about Sweden. And obviously this is not a coincidence. This is fate. Because we are equally for freedom. We are equally for a peaceful life. We are equally for respect for everyone. We are equally for justice and equally for caring for the natural world in which we live. Therefore, it is logical that Sweden is now among those who support Ukraine the most. NATO can still prevent the deaths of Ukrainians from Russian strikes by providing weapons - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 March 2022 - 13:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy called on NATO to provide our country with military assistance to the extent that will enable the Ukrainian army to oppose the military arsenal of the Russian Federation. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the NATO Summit 24 March 2022 - 12:49 The Ukrainian army has been resisting for a month in unequal conditions! And I have been repeating the same thing for a month now. To save people and our cities, Ukraine needs military assistance - without restrictions. As Russia uses without restrictions its entire arsenal against us. Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:18 In unity! On the battlefield and in political positions, at rallies and summits, at work and in communication with people. By all our actions, we must force Russia to seek peace. By all our actions, we must bring the victory of freedom closer. Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Ukrainians see that France values freedom as much as it has always been. And you protect it. You remember what it is. Freedom, equality, brotherhood. Each of these words is full of power for you! I feel it. Ukrainians feel it. That is why we expect from you, we expect from France, from your leadership, that you will be able to make Russia seek peace. To make it end this war against freedom. Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Saving Ukrainian children with cancer is an unprecedented action in world medical practice. Thanks to the joint efforts of doctors from Ukraine and abroad, public and charitable organizations, international partners and volunteers, it was possible to organize "flights of life". Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 I call for the united efforts of the Asian countries, your partners, to stabilize the situation. So that Russia seeks peace. And stops the tsunami of its brutal invasion of our state, Ukraine. 1 2 ... 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine