4 captures 14 Dec 2024 - 22 Jan 2026 Nov DEC Jan 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241214161640/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=30-11-2023&date-to=30-11-2024&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, We Already Have Preliminary Data That the Russians Have Begun to Use North Korean Soldiers in Their Assaults – Address by the President 14 December 2024 - 16:39 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Today It Was a New Russian Missile; All the Parameters: Speed, Altitude – Match Those of an Intercontinental Ballistic Missile – Address by the President 21 November 2024 - 13:47 Obviously, Putin is using Ukraine as a testing ground. Obviously, Putin is terrified when normal life simply exists next to him. When people simply have dignity. When a country simply wants to be and has the right to be independent. The President Honored the Memory of Ukrainians Who Fell in the Revolution of Dignity 21 November 2024 - 09:31 On the Day of Dignity and Freedom, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of Ukrainians who fell in the Revolution of Dignity. A Conference on the Return of Ukrainian Children Deported by Russia Was Held in the Republic of South Africa 21 November 2024 - 09:30 On World Children's Day, a conference on the return of Ukrainian children illegally deported to Russia and forcibly displaced under occupation was held in Pretoria, South Africa. The event was part of the Bring Kids Back UA initiative, launched by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The First Lady Attended a Mass in Italy Marking One Thousand Days of the Full-Scale Russian Invasion 21 November 2024 - 08:44 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska attended a special Mass marking one thousand days of the full-scale Russian invasion; the service was held at the Basilica of Santa Maria in Trastevere in Rome. The Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with EU Diplomats on Sanctions Policy against the Russian Federation 20 November 2024 - 21:53 Advisor and Presidential Commissioner for Sanctions Policy Vladyslav Vlasiuk held a briefing for heads of diplomatic missions and representatives of EU embassies in Ukraine on an analysis of the impact of sanctions on the Russian Federation and strategies to strengthen the restrictions. We Expect a Substantial Contribution from the Nordic Countries to Support Ukrainian Arms Production Next Year – Ihor Zhovkva 20 November 2024 - 21:21 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva met with the Heads of the Security Policy Departments at the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Denmark, Iceland, Norway, Sweden, and Finland. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Anna Bjerde Discussed Further Cooperation Between Ukraine and the World Bank 20 November 2024 - 20:41 The Head of State stressed the importance of establishing a Financial Intermediary Fund (FIF) to enable the G7 countries to provide additional financial support to Ukraine and expressed hope for the swift completion of all formal procedures. Today, on the 1,001st Day of a Full-Scale War, Russia Is Just as Insane as It Was on the 1,000th Day And on February 24 – Address By the President 20 November 2024 - 20:11 The information frenzy that took place today, with some panic messages passed around – all this benefits only Russia. Please take care of yourselves, support our army, and be especially careful that no one manipulates your emotions for their own advantage. Meanwhile, we continue to strengthen our air defense. Civilians Released from Russian Captivity Will Be Eligible for Mobilization Deferment: Verkhovna Rada Supported the Draft Law 20 November 2024 - 19:22 At the end of October, during a meeting with civil society representatives, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy received a letter of request from relatives of released prisoners regarding the possibility of introducing a deferment of mobilization for this category of Ukrainians. The Head of State instructed the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office, Iryna Vereshchuk, to consider this issue. Olena Zelenska Had an Audience with Pope Francis 20 November 2024 - 17:03 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska has begun her visit to Italy and the Vatican to attend a Mass marking one thousand days since the beginning of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine