6 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 19 Jun 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233428/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-i-majkl-makfol-pospilkuvalisya-zi-studentami-i-85465 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Michael McFaul talked to students of the Institute of International Relations of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv 8 September 2023 - 00:10 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with students of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv and the Institute of International Relations of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv. He was joined by Ambassador Michael McFaul, Director of the Freeman-Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), Professor at Stanford University. Introducing the guest from the United States, Andriy Yermak noted that Michael McFaul, with whom he chairs the International Working Group on Sanctions against Russia, is a great friend of Ukraine and one of the architects of the great economic fight against the aggressor country, Russia. "Over the past year and a half, the group we created together with Michael has indeed achieved some success. Today, 70% of our recommendations are the basis for sanctions in various sectors applied by the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and others," the Head of the Presidential Office said. Michael McFaul added that after the introduction of sanctions, Russia has less technology to produce weapons, and many wealthy Russians feel uncomfortable. "But we need more sanctions, better sanctions, and better implementation. We need more secondary sanctions, and we are working on it," he emphasized. Andriy Yermak noted that the Peace Formula proposed by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is unique. It offers all countries that respect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our country not only a plan to end this war, but also a universal mechanism to overcome future crises around the world. Answering the students' questions, Andriy Yermak emphasized that with this initiative, our country is uniting the world by engaging in consultations on the key principles of restoring lasting and just peace for Ukraine, in particular, the countries of the Global South, with which our country had not had very active relations before. "The meeting of national security advisors and political directors of foreign ministries in Jeddah was extremely successful, and we are planning the next meeting. And we are working really efficiently to organize the first peace summit at the level of leaders," he said. Michael McFaul, for his part, expressed the opinion that this is an extremely important diplomatic work. "And today, it is only Ukraine that has proposed a peace plan. Russia has not proposed such a plan. Ukraine's initiative forces other countries to take a certain position, and Ukraine has changed this dynamic," the professor noted. Andriy Yermak also reminded that the circle of countries that have joined the Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine, adopted by the G7 leaders and EU leaders at the NATO Summit in Vilnius, is constantly expanding, and negotiations have already begun with several states on bilateral agreements on providing security guarantees to Ukraine based on this declaration. At the same time, the Head of the President's Office noted that the best guarantee of security for Ukraine would be NATO membership. "NATO will not be a powerful alliance without us. Ukraine will definitely be in NATO, and this is not only our desire, but also NATO's absolute interest. Because we are the basis of the future security system. And not only of the European continent," he is convinced. For his part, Michael McFaul suggested that the Alliance should extend an invitation to Ukraine for membership at the 2024 summit in Washington. During the conversation with the students, the Head of the President's Office also spoke about his relationship with U.S. National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan, which he called extremely honest and concrete. "Jake is a good listener. He accepts rational arguments. He is a person who is always willing to engage in constructive dialogue and find optimal solutions. It's not always easy. Sometimes we have different positions. But without this man, many things would not have happened. Jake is truly a great friend of Ukraine. It's not easy for him, there are a lot of fakes that he is the one who blocks something, doesn't allow something. This is not true. I really appreciate our cooperation," said Andriy Yermak. In addition, he said that the Presidential Office is interested in involving active youth in the development of documents that are extremely important for Ukraine, such as sanctions, security guarantees, the Peace Formula, environmental issues, and the return of illegally deported Ukrainian children. The Head of the President's Office also spoke about the idea to organize a summit of graduates of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv and the Institute of International Relations of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, primarily from other countries, who would now become powerful advocates of Ukraine and help, in particular, to unite countries, especially the Global South. "We really want all the people who left Ukraine during the war to return. There are many students studying at different universities around the world. Unfortunately, there is no single platform that would unite all Ukrainian students. After our victory, we will really need young people interested in developing the country. And if they hear directly from you about what is happening in Ukraine, it will be very important," added Andriy Yermak. For his part, Michael McFaul noted that Ukraine is going through a very difficult period in its history, but at the same time it is inspiring the world, as Ukrainians are at the forefront of the fight for freedom not only of their country and Europe, but they are also the face of the future for the whole world. "And it is you who are fighting for peace. And you have something that many other countries do not have - young, creative, innovative youth. The future of Ukraine is in great hands!" he emphasized. Summarizing the meeting, Andriy Yermak noted that the most important thing for Ukraine today is success at the front. That is why we continue to work to provide the Ukrainian military with everything they need. "As long as there are Russian troops on our land, there can be no negotiations. Only Ukraine and Ukrainians will decide when, how and with whom to talk. We are paying too high a price, so we must end this war by returning all our territories. Although I realize that this is very difficult. And every person is very important to us," he emphasized. According to Andriy Yermak, today it is imperative to preserve unity within the country and around Ukraine, and it depends on everyone. The Head of the President's Office thanked all the students present for being in Ukraine and demonstrating that full life has returned and continues, and the main thing left is to win. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine