1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033038/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=122 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska: We want Ukrainian children to become a generation of victory, not a generation of war 11 February 2023 - 14:03 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska in an interview with the Logo! show spoke about the situation in which Ukrainian children found themselves due to Russian aggression and the conditions in which they had to live and study. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with senior members of JP Morgan, takes part in investment summit organized by holding 11 February 2023 - 11:22 The parties discussed the creation of a platform for attracting private capital to rebuild Ukraine and promising directions of large investment projects in Ukraine, in particular in the sectors of green energy, IT, and agricultural technologies. Office of Ukraine's President presents two acceptable ways of creating tribunal against Russian leaders 10 February 2023 - 19:15 At a meeting with French journalists, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Smyrnov spoke about the most desirable ways for Ukraine to create an international tribunal. It is always an honor for me to represent Ukraine, and I am proud of our beautiful and strong people – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 February 2023 - 18:55 I'm proud of Ukrainian courage. I'm proud of Ukrainian resilience. I'm proud of Ukrainian effectiveness. I'm proud of all of you who fight and work for our country! Who supports the front and the state. President holds meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief 10 February 2023 - 17:55 Separately, the participants of the meeting focused on the preparation for the next Ukraine Defense Contact Group meeting at Ramstein air base, taking into account the agreements reached by President Zelenskyy during recent foreign visits. If Russian athletes are allowed to participate in the Olympic Games, it's just a matter of time before the Russian Federation forces them to play along with the war propaganda - address by the President to the participants of the summit of the sports mini 10 February 2023 - 16:46 The mere presence of representatives of the terrorist state is a manifestation of violence and lawlessness. Today's missiles are a challenge to NATO and collective security, this is terror that can and must be stopped - address by the President of Ukraine 10 February 2023 - 14:27 Today, the enemy launched at least 70 missiles in another massive attack. At least 60 missiles were shot down. Several Russian missiles flew through the airspace of Moldova and Romania. Another proof that terror does not know and will never know any borders. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Andrzej Duda held a meeting in Rzeszów 10 February 2023 - 10:30 The Head of State informed his counterpart on the current situation at the front and forecasts for the development of the situation in the coming period. Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about the current defense needs of Ukraine and his steps to strengthen the Ukrainian army. President of Ukraine met with King Philippe I of Belgium in Brussels 10 February 2023 - 09:48 The Head of State expressed gratitude to King Philippe, the Belgian government and the entire Belgian people for the comprehensive support provided to Ukraine since the first days of the full-scale invasion of the aggressor state. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed defense support for Ukraine with all European leaders 9 February 2023 - 19:40 Continuing contacts on reinforcing the Ukrainian army, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with European leaders and the EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. 1 2 ... 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine