2 captures 12 May 2022 - 17 Nov 2024 Apr MAY Jun 12 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220512044127/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/navit-publichna-zgadka-pro-mozhlive-zastosuvannya-yadernoyi-74985 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will liberate our land and people, and with the help of the free world it will be easier to do – address by the President of Ukraine 11 May 2022 - 22:21 View all videos n latest news We will liberate our land and people, and with the help of the free world it will be easier to do – address by the President of Ukraine 11 May 2022 - 22:18 Andriy Yermak and Michael McFaul discussed further steps to enhance sanctions on Russia 11 May 2022 - 21:37 Even the public mention of the possible use of nuclear weapons by the leadership of the nuclear state should be the basis for preventive sanctions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 May 2022 - 20:10 The war will end when Ukraine returns everything that the aggressor took from it – President 11 May 2022 - 19:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Canada 8 May 2022 - 17:54 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Even the public mention of the possible use of nuclear weapons by the leadership of the nuclear state should be the basis for preventive sanctions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 May 2022 - 20:10 If the leader of a nuclear state publicly accepts the use of nuclear weapons by his country, this should be a reason for severe response and preventive sanctions, as it violates international agreements. This was emphasized by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during online communication with students of leading universities in France, representatives of academia and the media. The Head of State reminded that he had repeatedly raised the issue of threats of using nuclear weapons by the Russian Federation, in particular at the Munich Security Conference in February this year, shortly before the start of Russia's war against Ukraine. The President noted that Russia is not the only one in the world to voice such threats, and the worst thing is if it uses not only threats, but also its nuclear capabilities, as this will be a signal to everyone that this is possible. "Therefore, I believe that there should be preventive sanctions. If a person talks about it in the media, if he or she says it publicly and threatens to use nuclear weapons in case… Then it is not even interesting what this person says. In case of what? Such ultimata are not worth attention at all. This indicates that any agreement on the non-use of nuclear weapons has already been discredited," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. According to him, such discrediting occurred after Russia violated the Budapest Memorandum and after public threats to use nuclear weapons. The Head of State is convinced that Russian President Vladimir Putin is primarily responsible for this situation. "Because not everyone in Russia stands in favor of using nuclear weapons against Ukraine or the world. I'm sure of it. There are many people who support both Ukraine and the civilized way of resolving any military conflicts, and support peaceful settlement. But, unfortunately, due to the information policy, their percentage in Russia is getting smaller and smaller," he said. The President of Ukraine also noted that he fully supports the approach to the need for nuclear disarmament. "If we do not control the violation of international law by a nuclear state, it means that we do not control the future, even the possible use of a nuclear weapon. And if we can't do that, we need to raise the issue of abolishing the possibility of using certain weapons, the availability of these weapons in a particular state. This is the only way out," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine