14 captures 05 Jul 2023 - 16 Oct 2025 Jun JUL Aug 05 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230705220221/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/maksimalno-pracyuyemo-z-partnerami-shob-nasha-spilna-bezpeka-84077 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos No one in the world should be left alone with the enemy of freedom who uses ecocide as his weapon and threatens with radiation catastrophe - President's address to the university community of Argentina 5 July 2023 - 21:28 View all videos n latest news No one in the world should be left alone with the enemy of freedom who uses ecocide as his weapon and threatens with radiation catastrophe - President's address to the university community of Argentina 5 July 2023 - 21:25 We are working with our partners as hard as we can to ensure that our common security in Vilnius prevails; it all depends on our partners - address by the President of Ukraine 5 July 2023 - 19:03 Briefing for diplomats of the Baltic States and Northern Europe on countering full-scale invasion of Russia was held in the Office of the President of Ukraine 5 July 2023 - 13:48 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Emmanuel Macron discussed security assistance and the occupiers' preparation of a provocation at the ZNPP 4 July 2023 - 23:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the festivities on the occasion of the Day of the National Police of Ukraine 4 July 2023 - 14:38 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are working with our partners as hard as we can to ensure that our common security in Vilnius prevails; it all depends on our partners - address by the President of Ukraine 5 July 2023 - 19:03 Fellow Ukrainians! A report on this day. First: The meeting of the Staff was particularly long, particularly detailed. We discussed the safety of our strategic facilities, our nuclear power plants. There were relevant reports, relevant decisions, and - very importantly - control over the implementation of decisions. By the way, we maintain maximum contact with our partners to ensure that no one in the world has even the slightest shortage of information about the situation at the Zaporizhzhia NPP and the threats posed by Russia. As always, we discussed in detail the key areas of the East and South. Thank you, warriors, for your bravery! We are also paying attention to the Northern direction - we see all potential threats, and the Commander-in-Chief has been instructed to continue strengthening the North. Very importantly, at every meeting of the Staff, we return to the issue of ammunition, in particular for our artillery. And this applies not only to supplies from partners, but also to production in Ukraine. I am grateful to each and every person who works to fulfill this strategic, vital task. We are constantly making progress in the production of weapons in Ukraine. The second important thing that happened today. We are preparing new sanctions, sanction steps by our government, and today I held a meeting with First Deputy Prime Minister Svyrydenko and National Security and Defense Council Secretary Danilov. The decisions will be made soon. Third, I held a separate meeting on the situation with shelters in different regions of our country, in different cities. The reports were delivered by Minister of Strategic Industries Kamyshin and specialized Deputy Head of the Office for Regional Policy Kuleba. Unfortunately, in different cities of Ukraine, there is still a significant lack of availability of shelters... after all this time. The state will not tolerate such inaction. And this is the responsibility of local leaders. Local authorities in the country have the resources to build shelters. One more thing. There is exactly one week left until the key day of the NATO Summit in Vilnius. That means a week until the key moment for our common security in Europe. We are working with our partners as hard as we can to ensure that our common security in Vilnius prevails. It all depends on our partners. Glory to all Ukrainian heroes! Glory to each of our combat brigades, all units of our defense and security forces! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine