10 captures 07 Aug 2020 - 17 Mar 2025 Apr MAY Jun 19 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220519022657/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pitannya-vijni-na-donbasi-mayemo-virishiti-lishe-diplomatich-58405 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia is trying to find its "wonder weapon", which indicates the complete failure of the invasion and the fear of admitting catastrophic mistakes - address by the President of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 23:47 View all videos n latest news Russia is trying to find its "wonder weapon", which indicates the complete failure of the invasion and the fear of admitting catastrophic mistakes - address by the President of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 23:42 Ukraine must get everything it needs to win, because prolonging the war is a risk for the whole world - Andriy Yermak on MSNBC 18 May 2022 - 22:52 Andriy Yermak talked online with American actor Robert De Niro and producer Jane Rosenthal 18 May 2022 - 22:36 The First Lady met with WHO Regional Director for Europe Hans Kluge 18 May 2022 - 18:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the AFU servicemen who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 15:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The issue of war in Donbas should be solved solely through diplomatic channels - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 November 2019 - 14:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that holding a meeting of the leaders of the Normandy Four was a success, since this format had been blocked in 2016. “We have to understand that the issue of war in Donbas should be solved solely through diplomatic channels. This path begins with negotiations. The Normandy format is the highest level of negotiations, hence, we have been striving for this meeting and prepare for it meticulously. I would like to achieve real results,” the President of Ukraine said during a meeting with the media, answering the question about the outcome he expects from the Normandy summit, scheduled for the coming weeks. "We cannot just talk about ending the war - we must agree on the return of our territories. I am talking about at least some clear dates. That is, I want to talk about the return, de-occupation of Donbas with more or less clear terms. We will talk about it, I will raise this issue,” the Head of State emphasized. According to him, this also applies to the return of the illegally detained citizens to Ukraine. "There is a phrase heard in various media as “exchange everyone for everyone”. It concerns everyone: me personally, our government, our society. The important question is: "When?" For me the answer is specific terms, in the near future," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. He also noted that he was awaiting the return of the Ukrainian ships captured in the Kerch Strait. ph Meeting with the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic 19 November 2019 - 13:06 ph Meeting with the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic 19 November 2019 - 13:06 © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine