22 captures 03 Oct 2022 - 16 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221003194256/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-u-turechchini-organizuvav-zustrich-zahisnikiv-78253 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine was and will be one of the European centers of the military and aviation industry – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 October 2022 - 23:06 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak in Türkiye organized a meeting of the defenders of "Azovstal" with members of their families 3 October 2022 - 19:10 First Lady holds number of meetings during her visit to Republic of Turkey 2 October 2022 - 23:35 Ukraine was and will be one of the European centers of the military and aviation industry – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 October 2022 - 23:03 Head of Office of Ukraine's President meets with chief adviser to President of Türkiye, adviser to US President on national security issues 2 October 2022 - 22:36 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Head of the President's Office with Ukrainian servicemen in Türkiye 3 October 2022 - 18:54 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak in Türkiye organized a meeting of the defenders of "Azovstal" with members of their families 3 October 2022 - 19:10 During the visit to the Republic of Türkiye, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with five Ukrainian servicemen - defenders of "Azovstal" recently released from Russian captivity, and organized their meeting with their relatives. Commander of the "Azov" separate special purpose regiment of the National Guard Denys Prokopenko (Redis), his deputy Svyatoslav Palamar, acting commander of the 36th separate brigade of marines Serhiy Volynskyi (Volyna), senior officer of "Azov" Oleg Khomenko and commander of the 12th brigade of the National Guard Denys Shlega are in Türkiye according to the terms of exchange under the personal guarantees of protection of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Andriy Yermak, on behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and personally, expressed gratitude and sincere respect to the Ukrainian military for their courage, bravery and resilience. He noted that no one will be able to fully understand the trials that the defenders of Azovstal went through, but this experience of captivity can be used to mitigate the fate of other Ukrainian prisoners of war. "We must release everyone who remains in Russian captivity and behind bars, everyone who was forcibly deported. You understand how important this is. People are the most valuable thing in Ukraine. And we are fighting hard for the return of every one of our warriors and every civilian," he said. The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine also emphasized the importance of organizing the rehabilitation of the released warriors and their adaptation to normal life. In addition, Andriy Yermak, with the assistance of the Turkish side, organized a meeting of Azovstal defenders with their family members, who also arrived in Türkiye. The warriors were able to see and hug their loved ones for the first time in many months. The Head of the Presidential Office noted that during the time the servicemen were in captivity, their families also had to go through extremely difficult trials, and they coped with them with dignity. "Your relatives fought for your release persistently. They have been waiting for you for so long," Andriy Yermak said. He also emphasized that the families of the defenders of "Azovstal" are fighting for the release of all those who are still in captivity. And these efforts are extremely important and deserve enormous respect. Andriy Yermak wished the heroes a speedy recovery and expressed his belief that thanks to the courage and self-sacrifice of our soldiers and people, Ukraine will win and the commanders will be able to return to the homeland and reunite with their families. Until then, Ukraine, together with its partners, will take care of the safety of soldiers and their families. "The main thing today is to ensure the maximum possible recovery of our defenders. Equally important is the health of body and spirit. So treat your rehabilitation as responsibly as possible, you must follow all the doctors' recommendations," Andriy Yermak added. The Head of the President's Office also noted that the history of the defense of Mariupol and "Azovstal" became for the whole world a testimony of the courage and resilience of the Ukrainian people and will remain an example of indomitability for many generations of Ukrainians. "Mariupol became our Thermopylae. Like about the 300 Spartans, the whole world should know about the defense and tragedy of Mariupol. But the most important thing I always say is that the heroes must be alive," summed up Andriy Yermak. ph Meeting of the Head of the President's Office with Ukrainian servicemen in Türkiye 3 October 2022 - 18:54 ph Meeting of the Head of the President's Office with Ukrainian servicemen in Türkiye 3 October 2022 - 18:54 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine