4 captures 14 Oct 2020 - 22 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214024351/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zustrivsya-z-lordom-merom-londonskogo-siti-ta-64389 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 13 February 2022 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council discussed further steps of the EU in support of Ukraine 13 February 2022 - 13:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 Ukraine is aware of the risks of escalation of the situation by Russia, but is taking measures for a political and diplomatic settlement - President 12 February 2022 - 17:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President met with the Lord Mayor of the City of London and the leadership of the London Stock Exchange 8 October 2020 - 18:51 During an official visit to the United Kingdom, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the London Stock Exchange - the world's oldest stock exchange - and met with its leadership and Lord Mayor of the City of London William Russell. Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that today he and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom signed an agreement on political cooperation, free trade and strategic partnership, which is "a historic moment in relations between the two countries". The Head of State called on British financial circles to actively use new opportunities for investing in Ukraine, in particular in the framework of developing capital markets, privatizing state property and building financial infrastructure. "We are introducing new financial instruments. We are passing laws that will introduce a new financial policy and attract investments,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. During the meeting, the prospects of attracting British investors to the Kyiv City project were discussed. "We would like to build Kyiv City - a living financial center, a financial heart, as well as an area where you want to work and live. The experience, expertise and assistance of the City of London as the world's leading financial center would be extremely useful for us," the Head of State stressed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also got himself acquainted with the history of the London Stock Exchange. The President left a note in the Book of Honorary Guests. The President invited the Lord Mayor of the City of London and the delegation of British businessmen, bankers, lawyers, representatives of innovative companies and the London Stock Exchange to visit Kyiv. ph Official visit to the United Kingdom 7 October 2020 - 20:01 ph Official visit to the United Kingdom 7 October 2020 - 20:01 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine