1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013220/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=29 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak, Michael McFaul discuss next sanctions package, plans of International Working Group for this year 14 January 2023 - 12:10 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during a video call discussed with the director of the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), former US National Security Adviser, Ambassador Michael McFaul the continuation of the sanctions policy and the action plan of the International Working Group on Russian Sanctions headed by them for the current year. Daria Herasymchuk informed representatives of Germany and the Netherlands about illegal deportation of Ukrainian children by Russia 13 January 2023 - 13:07 Adviser - Commissioner of the President of Ukraine for Children’s Rights and Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk held a series of international working meetings on the protection of the rights of Ukrainian children violated by the aggressor country. Head of the Office of the President and U.S. Department of State Sanctions Coordinator discussed strengthening of sanction policy on the aggressor state 12 January 2023 - 23:04 Speaking of strengthening sanctions pressure on the aggressor, the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized the necessity of applying sanctions elaborated by the Yermak-McFaul International Working Group, particularly against Russian propagandists. Roman Mashovets discussed key areas of security cooperation with the Chancellor of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia 12 January 2023 - 21:13 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with the delegation of the Republic of Estonia headed by Chancellor of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Jonatan Vseviov and discussed the situation against the backdrop of the Russian aggression and the ways of development of Ukrainian-Estonian cooperation in this regard. Andriy Yermak met with the Italian delegation headed by Minister of Enterprises and Production Adolfo Urso 12 January 2023 - 19:58 Andriy Yermak thanked the new government of Italy and, in particular, Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni for the strong support of Ukraine. Andriy Smyrnov discussed the roadmap of judicial reform in Ukraine with diplomatic representatives of G7 and EU countries 12 January 2023 - 17:27 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting with the heads and representatives of the embassies of the Group of Seven (G7) and the EU states in Ukraine, which was devoted to the assessment of the current state and further steps in the judicial reform in Ukraine. Ukraine needs as many weapons as possible from partner countries to end this war in a fair way - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with La Repubblica 10 January 2023 - 20:58 Supplying weapons and armored vehicles to Ukraine will allow minimizing losses among Ukrainian citizens, shortening the duration of the war and accelerating its completion in a fair way that will restore the authority of international law. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with the Italian newspaper La Repubblica. The first meeting of the Committee of the Youth Exchange Council of Ukraine and Lithuania took place 10 January 2023 - 20:08 The first meeting of the Committee of the Youth Exchange Council of Ukraine and Lithuania was held in the format of a video conference with the participation of Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Oleksiy Dniprov. Roman Mashovets and the Ambassador of Japan discussed ways of practical cooperation in providing assistance to Ukraine 9 January 2023 - 21:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets discussed with Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda the ways of implementing the agreements in the sphere of security and defense reached during the phone call between President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida on January 6, as well as the needs of the Ukrainian defense forces that can be met by the Japanese side. Andriy Yermak holds briefing for US senators on countering full-scale Russian invasion 6 January 2023 - 18:28 Yermak thanked the US senators for their visit to Ukraine and emphasized the importance of conducting regular briefings for our strategic partners regarding the situation at the front. 1 2 ... 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine