1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030305/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=24 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: For a successful counteroffensive, it is important for Ukraine to receive weapons and ammunition from partners in time 6 July 2023 - 22:27 The President also noted that a clear signal about the prospect of Ukraine's membership in NATO at the Vilnius Summit would be a very important motivating factor for the Ukrainian people, as was the case with the acquisition of EU candidate status in June 2022. President of Ukraine following the meeting with Prime Minister Nikolai Denkov: Bulgaria is a defender of freedom and opponent of Russia's genocidal policy 6 July 2023 - 19:08 During his official visit to the Republic of Bulgaria, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister Nikolai Denkov. The parties signed a Joint Declaration on Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration. Joint Declaration by Ukraine and the Republic of Bulgaria on the Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine 6 July 2023 - 19:06 the Republic of Bulgaria will continue to support Alliance’s strong and effective political and material support for Ukraine aimed at ensuring the ability of Ukraine to effectively defend its territories on land, at sea and in the air; Ukraine highly appreciates all practical assistance being provided by the Republic of Bulgaria and the people of Bulgaria in order to strengthen Ukraine’s defence capabilitiesю President of Ukraine had a meeting with the President of Bulgaria in Sofia 6 July 2023 - 18:27 The parties discussed the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. Volodymyr Zelenskyy welcomed Bulgaria's readiness to join its implementation, particularly in ensuring food security. Memorandum of Understanding and Cooperation in Energy Sector was signed in the presence of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Bulgaria 6 July 2023 - 15:26 The Memorandum is aimed at creating a framework for deepening cooperation in the energy sector of Ukraine and Bulgaria based on the principle of mutual benefit and taking into account the common interests and goals of both countries. Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with the university community of Argentina: We want Latin America to join the support of the Peace Formula 5 July 2023 - 21:31 Ukraine seeks to increase support for the Peace Formula from Latin American countries, including Argentina, as the points of the Formula are related to overcoming all crises caused by Russian aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Emmanuel Macron discussed security assistance and the occupiers' preparation of a provocation at the ZNPP 4 July 2023 - 23:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with President of France Emmanuel Macron. President of Ukraine had a phone call with NATO Secretary General 4 July 2023 - 19:58 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg on the eve of the NATO Summit in Vilnius on July 11-12. President at the events on the occasion of the Day of National Police: Ukrainian police knows how to be professional, how to save from evil, restore justice 4 July 2023 - 15:41 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the festivities on the occasion of the Day of the National Police of Ukraine and the opening of the Center for Strategic Analysis and Forecasting of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed defense support for Ukraine and coordination on the path to NATO with the Prime Minister of Sweden 4 July 2023 - 12:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of Sweden Ulf Kristersson. 1 2 ... 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine