1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309023914/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=9 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 The Head of State informed his interlocutor about the security situation around Ukraine and the steps being taken to de-escalate the situation and achieve peace within all available negotiation formats. Ukraine is aware of the risks of escalation of the situation by Russia, but is taking measures for a political and diplomatic settlement - President 12 February 2022 - 17:43 Ukraine is aware of the risks of escalation of the situation on the part of the Russian Federation, is preparing for any developments and is in constant consultation with international partners in order to resolve the conflict through political and diplomatic means. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a conversation with media representatives during a working trip to the Kherson region. In the Kherson region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the drills of the Ministry of Internal Affairs 12 February 2022 - 15:21 During a working trip to the Kherson region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the conduct of tactical and special exercises of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine. President held an offsite meeting of the National Security and Defense Council in Kharkiv, at which the Maritime Security Strategy of Ukraine was approved and sanctions were imposed against a number of companies 11 February 2022 - 21:49 Under the chairmanship of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, an offsite meeting of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine was held in Kharkiv to discuss the formation of territorial defense, impose restrictive measures against a number of legal entities and approve the Maritime Security Strategy of Ukraine. President of Ukraine met with the OSCE Chairman-in-Office, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland 11 February 2022 - 20:16 During a working trip to the Kharkiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the OSCE Chairman-in-Office, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Poland Zbigniew Rau. This year, 715 facilities in 24 regions of Ukraine will be implemented under the Large Construction program 11 February 2022 - 18:38 At a meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities held in Kharkiv, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy heard a report on plans to implement the Large Construction program for the current year. President of Ukraine: Medicine should not only stabilize the human condition, but also restore its vital functions 11 February 2022 - 17:49 During his working trip to the Kharkiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities, during which they discussed issues of improving the quality of medical services and ensuring decent wages of medical workers. Thanks to the program of thermal modernization more than 1.5 million citizens will be able to pay less for heating next season - President 11 February 2022 - 16:51 In Kharkiv, at a meeting of the presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Energy Independence Program, which envisages "green" transformation of the economy and increasing energy efficiency, in particular through thermal modernization of residential buildings, was presented. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: An effective model of territorial defense is a reliable rear for the army, and together they form the basis of a strong Ukraine 11 February 2022 - 15:57 To build an effective model of territorial defense and national resistance, there must be full cooperation between the authorities at all levels and an understanding of their area of responsibility. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities in Kharkiv. President began a two-day working trip to the Kharkiv and Kherson regions 11 February 2022 - 12:19 In Kharkiv, the Head of State will take part in the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities. Volodymyr Zelenskyy will also hold an offsite meeting of the National Security and Defense Council. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine