126 captures 29 Mar 2022 - 11 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 30 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220330011903/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-zustrich-z-grupoyu-ekspertiv-yaki-anali-73945 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Signals from the negotiations can be called positive, but they do not silence the explosion of Russian shells - address by the President of Ukraine 29 March 2022 - 22:57 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak met with a group of experts who will analyze the impact of sanctions against Russia 29 March 2022 - 23:38 The new multilateral treaty should make any aggression against Ukraine impossible - Andriy Yermak 29 March 2022 - 23:24 Signals from the negotiations can be called positive, but they do not silence the explosion of Russian shells - address by the President of Ukraine 29 March 2022 - 22:53 During the negotiations with Russia, the Ukrainian delegation officially outlined its proposals for a new system of security guarantees for our country 29 March 2022 - 17:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with a group of experts who will analyze the impact of sanctions against Russia 29 March 2022 - 23:38 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held an inaugural online meeting with a group of Ukrainian and international experts who will analyze the real impact of sanctions against Russia. "Today, sanctions are issued by our partners almost every week. They are different. Some of them have already started working and are very sensitive to Russia. And some seem to sound like sanctions, but they don't work at all. As for some Russians, they have already found ways to bypass them. The sanctions mechanism itself is very powerful, and our goal is for the sanctions to work effectively," he said at the beginning of the meeting. Andriy Yermak believes that it is necessary to reach the pace of the weekly increase of sanctions pressure against Russia. According to him, Ukraine's partners are currently working on the introduction of a new sanctions package against Russia. Critical import chains will be targeted, including export controls and sanctions aimed at suppliers cooperating with the Russian military-industrial complex. The Head of the President's Office also noted that there can be no question of lifting, stopping or changing the sanctions against the aggressor, until the war is stopped, troops are withdrawn from Ukraine, our state receives reparations and compensation for the damage to the Ukrainian state and its citizens. Former US Ambassador to Russia and former US National Security Adviser Michael McFaul said it was necessary to review what had been done and ensure that new sanctions were imposed on Russia every week to increase pressure on Russia. Daniel Fried, former State Department's Coordinator for Sanctions Policy, said there was a need to halt Russian oil and gas exports as much as possible and reduce relevant profits. He is also convinced that the dynamics and speed of decision-making are important in the issue of sanctions pressure. For his part, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Rostyslav Shurma noted that the issue of oil exports is the most important and sensitive when it comes to effective pressure on Russia, and it is on it that we should focus the most. He also stressed the need to recognize Russia as a state sponsoring terrorism. "This will automatically lead to bans on many corporations. Not only those related to oil and gas," said Rostyslav Shurma. He also considers sanctions against the entire Russian political elite or people involved in politics important. In addition, in his opinion, a halt in the supply of certain chemicals, spare parts and important components for the mechanical engineering, defense and oil refining industries will be critical for Russia. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine