4 captures 04 Oct 2023 - 09 Oct 2025 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022853/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-konsultaciyi-diplomatichnih-radnikiv-u-79901 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held consultations of diplomatic advisers in the format of the Lublin Triangle 15 December 2022 - 17:20 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Secretary of State, Head of the International Policy Bureau of the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland Jakub Kumoch and Chief Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Lithuania Asta Skaisgirytė to hold consultations in the format of the Lublin Triangle. The consultations focused on the issues of strengthening cooperation between Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania in the context of countering the armed aggression of the Russian Federation, accelerating the European and Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine, supporting the international initiatives of our state, as well as the further schedule of contacts between the leaders of the Lublin Triangle countries. Andriy Yermak informed the interlocutors about the situation on the frontline and the current needs of Ukraine, primarily regarding the strengthening of air defense against missile attacks by the Russian Federation and the acceleration of the de-occupation of the territories. He thanked Poland and Lithuania for their comprehensive support to Ukraine in countering armed aggression by the Russian Federation and practical assistance in restoring the energy infrastructure damaged by Russian shelling. "Yesterday's resolution of the Sejm of Poland recognizing Russia as a state sponsor of terrorism is another important step to increase pressure on the aggressor who is resorting to terrorizing the civilian population of Ukraine. As well as the similar decision of the Seimas of Lithuania, which was adopted earlier," said the Head of the President’s Office. The parties exchanged views on the practical implementation of the initiative of the President of Ukraine regarding the peace formula. Andriy Yermak expressed hope that Poland and Lithuania will join in the implementation of one of the elements of the formula. In the context of European integration, he emphasized Ukraine's determination to complete the implementation of the European Commission's recommendations as soon as possible on granting our country the status of a candidate for EU membership. He noted the adoption of three important laws this week: on the media, on the national communities and on the procedure for selecting candidates for the positions of judges of the Constitutional Court. The Head of the President's Office emphasized the importance of the new program of EU macro-financial assistance to Ukraine in the amount of 18 billion euros for the stability and resilience of our country given the continued war. He expressed the expectation that the final decision on the provision of this aid package would be adopted as soon as possible. Andriy Yermak also positively noted the preparation of the 9th package of EU sanctions against the Russian Federation. "We hope that a decision will be adopted at the level of the Council of the European Union in the near future," he said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine