27 captures 15 Oct 2022 - 08 Jul 2025 Sep OCT Nov 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221015184041/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/lishe-realni-peremogi-ukrayini-ta-demontazh-agresivnih-mozhl-78517 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Only real victories of Ukraine, dismantling of aggressive capabilities of terrorist state are way to peace - address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyi 15 October 2022 - 21:09 View all videos n latest news Only real victories of Ukraine, dismantling of aggressive capabilities of terrorist state are way to peace - address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyi 15 October 2022 - 21:05 Andriy Yermak discusses with new ICRC president ways to move forward on getting access to Ukrainian prisoners in Olenivka 15 October 2022 - 14:15 We must restore peace, secure historic victory for our state, and we will do it – address of President of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 23:12 On Day of Defenders of Ukraine President presents orders of Gold Star, Cross of Combat Merit awards, awards military units with honorary titles 14 October 2022 - 20:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 10:38 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Only real victories of Ukraine, dismantling of aggressive capabilities of terrorist state are way to peace - address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyi 15 October 2022 - 21:05 Dear Ukrainians! I wish you health! We have a new defense assistance package from the United States valued at $725 million. These are very necessary things. Ammunition for HIMARS and artillery, anti-tank weapons, anti-radar missiles. I thank President Biden, bipartisan Congress, and the entire American nation for this strong package. We are doing everything to reduce the capabilities of the occupiers, the ability of the Russian army to carry terror through Ukrainian land. We are consistently destroying the logistics of terrorists, their warehouses and headquarters. The total losses of the enemy in terms of killed people are approaching 65,000. So many citizens of Russia gave their lives for the possibility of a handful of people in the Kremlin to ignore reality. And according to the way the Russian "burial operation" continues, we can say that even 100,000 dead Russian citizens will not prompt the Kremlin to think a little bit. Only real victories of Ukraine, only real defending of itself by the free world from Russian terror and blackmail – protection with sanctions, protection with help to Ukraine – only complete displacement of the occupiers from Ukrainian land and dismantling of the aggressive capabilities of the terrorist state – all this is the way to peace. Peace will become possible when its terror becomes impossible for Russia. Today and yesterday, various regions of our country were targets of Russian attacks. In particular, by missiles and Iranian drones. Some of the missiles and drones were shot down. But, unfortunately, not all. Unfortunately, there is destruction and casualties. Donbas, Zaporizhzhia, Mykolaiv region, Kharkiv region, Sumy region, Kyiv region, Dnipropetrovsk region and some other regions of our country... We are doing everything to shoot down more enemy missiles and drones to neutralize more strike positions of the Russian army. And the day will surely come when our state will be able to fulfill this task one hundred percent. Today, I want to thank all our people who are promptly eliminating the consequences of the Russian terrorist attacks: our energy workers, employees of the State Emergency Service, communal services and local authorities, construction workers, employees of the National Police, government officials who coordinate the recovery process. Although in some of our cities and districts the power companies are still forced to limit the supply of electricity to maintain the stability of the system, we are doing and will do everything to restore the technical capabilities for supply. Also, in the liberated areas of Kharkiv region, Kherson region, and Donetsk region (in Lyman, Sviatohirsk) we are working to restore order, social and medical services, energy supply, communication and mail, water supply and gas, where it is possible. For example, they began to restore gas supply to Izium – the first 500 families of the city already have gas in their homes again. Just yesterday, more than 3,000 houses in the Izium, Kupiansk, Chuhuyiv and Kharkiv districts of Kharkiv region were connected to the gas supply. Work is ongoing in other directions as well. I'm thankful to everyone who is returning normal life to Ukrainians! Active operations continue in various areas of the front. A very difficult situation persists in Donetsk region and Luhansk region. The most difficult is the Bakhmut direction, as in the previous days. We hold our positions. In general, in the east and south, we do everything to make the occupiers feel that they have no prospects. No matter who they send to fight against us, it will only end in defeat for them. Well, I will once again remind the citizens of Russia, who do not want to participate in this criminal war, but who are sent to war, of one possibility. All who surrender themselves to Ukrainian captivity will save their lives. Anyone who continues to fight in the Russian army or among mercenaries does not have such an opportunity. Ukraine will definitely return everything that belongs to it. Eternal glory to all who fight for our country! Eternal honor to everyone who helps us overcome Russian terror! Eternal gratitude to all who work for our victory! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine