7 captures 27 Feb 2024 - 12 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240227171624/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-za-rezultatami-zustrichi-radnikiv-u-davosi-u-n-88333 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Cooperation and determination are the two answers to the question of ending the war and bringing peace closer – address by the President of Ukraine 26 February 2024 - 19:34 View all videos n latest news Stories of Ukrainian children were told at the UN Headquarters as part of the Stolen Voices information campaign 27 February 2024 - 11:27 Andriy Yermak: Returning Crimea under the Ukrainian flag is the only effective way to guarantee security for the whole of Europe 27 February 2024 - 09:39 Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the forum "26-2-14: The War Began in Crimea" 27 February 2024 - 00:19 Ukraine launched negotiations with Norway on the conclusion of a bilateral security agreement 26 February 2024 - 20:00 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's participation in the forum of the International Platform for the Release of Civilians Illegally Detained in Russia 26 February 2024 - 18:20 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak on the results of the meeting of advisors in Davos: We still have a lot of work to do, but we are united on the key principles of peace for Ukraine and the whole world 15 January 2024 - 10:32 At the meeting of national security advisors and foreign policy advisors to the heads of state on the implementation of the Peace Formula in Davos, Switzerland, the key principles of achieving a comprehensive, just and lasting peace for Ukraine were discussed in detail and a press communiqué of the meeting co-chairs was adopted. This was reported by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak. "The fourth meeting of national security and foreign policy advisors took place. We had a record number of participants: more than 80 states and international organizations were represented. This event is a logical continuation of our meetings held in 2023 in Copenhagen, Jeddah and Malta. We have once again gathered to work on developing a joint international plan based on the Ukrainian Peace Formula," said Andriy Yermak at a meeting with media representatives in Davos. He reminded that during the consultations in Malta, the first five points of the Peace Formula were discussed, namely: nuclear safety, food and energy security, release of prisoners and deportees, restoration of Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty. Five more points of the Formula were presented in Davos: the withdrawal of Russian troops and the cessation of hostilities, the restoration of justice, environmental safety, the prevention of escalation and recurrence of war, and the issue of confirming the end of the war. In addition, two special sessions were held on food security and humanitarian aspects of the war, respectively. "Open and constructive negotiations were held, during which the key principles of achieving a comprehensive, just and lasting peace for Ukraine and the whole world were discussed in detail. Such a peace should be based only on the UN Charter, relevant resolutions of the UN General Assembly and key principles of international law," the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine noted. "It would not be entirely true if I said that absolutely everyone has the same position. And that's good, because, as you know, the uniqueness of the Peace Formula is a combination of different positions and approaches. But we are extremely united around the main principles based on international law and the norms of the UN Charter," he added. Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude to Switzerland for holding events that are significant for the entire humanity. "I would like to emphasize that Councillor Ignazio Cassis, Børge Brende, Klaus Schwab and their teams have made great efforts to rally the nations for the sake of dialogue and peace in Ukraine," he said. The Head of the Presidential Office also thanked the co-chair of the International Task Force on the Environmental Consequences of War, former Swedish Deputy Prime Minister Margot Wallström and co-chair of the International Task Force on the Return of Illegally Deported Children, Baroness Helena Kennedy, for their participation in the meeting and presentation of the task forces' work. "We still have a lot of work to do, but we are all on the same page. And this is very inspiring. For two years of this terrible war, Ukraine has been living and fighting. And it will undoubtedly win," emphasized Andriy Yermak. He reiterated that President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his team will not accept any form of frozen conflict on the territory of Ukraine. He also noted that in the two years since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion, Ukraine has done so many remarkable things that there is no doubt that our country will win this war. "Today we have completed the presentation of all ten points of the Peace Formula. Based on the results of the consultations, we want to develop a joint plan of responsible states of the world. The next step may be the first global summit at the level of heads of state and government, which will launch a top-level political process to develop and agree on a single, joint peace plan. And if the aggressor state really demonstrates its willingness to end this war and return to respect for international law, we will have a joint peace plan for such a moment," said the Head of the Presidential Office. Following consultations in Davos, Switzerland and Ukraine, co-chairs of the fourth meeting of national security and foreign policy advisors, agreed on a joint press communiqué. It states that Ukraine's security is an integral part of global and regional security, and that the war against our country is one of the main destabilizing factors in the world. “Due to this, peace efforts must be significantly strengthened in order to end the war in a just and comprehensive way. The task of the world community shall not only be to end the war, but also to overcome the consequences of all those crises that were caused by it throughout the world,” the communiqué reads. It also notes that a comprehensive, just and sustainable peace for Ukraine and the entire world can only be based on the UN Charter, the relevant resolutions of the UN General Assembly and the key principles of international law. “This meeting laid the necessary prerequisites for the preparation of a summit of state and government leaders, which can initiate a high-level effort to establish a common and universal basis for achieving a comprehensive, just and lasting peace for Ukraine based on the Ukrainian Peace Formula. The leaders’ summit may also give rise to the set of thematic meetings in different countries at the ministerial, parliamentary, expert and other levels to prepare detailed proposals for the leaders,” the communiqué reads. Press communiqué of the co-chairs Switzerland and Ukraine of the 4th Meeting of National Security and Foreign Policy Advisors on Key Principles of Peace for Ukraine - pdf - 190.97 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine