5 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 16 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101192856/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/fundaciya-oleni-zelenskoyi-peredala-v-regioni-25-avtomobiliv-93741 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos n latest news At the Ministerial Conference in Montreal, Elina Svitolina Speaks on the Role of Strategic Communication in Returning Abducted Ukrainian Children 1 November 2024 - 09:30 Andriy Yermak Meets in Montreal with U.S. Under Secretary of State, Canadian and French Ministers, and Representatives from the Vatican and Switzerland 1 November 2024 - 09:02 Countries Participating in the Montreal Conference Commit to Returning All Captured and Deported Ukrainians 31 October 2024 - 23:54 The President's Office Discusses Establishment of Veteran Hubs – Centers on the Basis of Ukrainian Educational Institutions 31 October 2024 - 21:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska Foundation Delivered 25 Ambulances to Regions 9 October 2024 - 13:23 The First Lady of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska, together with the Minister of Health, Viktor Liashko, visited one of the emergency medical centers in the Kyiv region. "These people save lives every day, and we all understand how difficult it is to do this without specialized transportation. Today, we are delivering 25 ambulances to regional emergency centers from our international partners. I hope these vehicles will help feldshers and doctors save even more lives," said Olena Zelenska. The special vehicles, donated by the King Salman Humanitarian Aid and Relief Centre (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia), were delivered to emergency medical and disaster response centers in 17 regions of Ukraine. "The need for ambulances, unfortunately, is constant. We are currently focusing on fulfilling this need primarily in frontline and border regions facing the Russian enemy," emphasized Nina Horbachova, Director of the Olena Zelenska Foundation. Four vehicles from this batch are already helping to save lives in the Sumy region. These were provided earlier at the request of the Ministry of Health after the Russian attack on one of the hospital buildings in Sumy on September 28. According to the Ministry of Health, as a result of Russian aggression, 261 ambulances have been destroyed, 225 damaged, and 125 lost. "The ambulances provided are designed as mobile intensive care units. They will be used to provide necessary care to patients requiring additional life support measures during transportation to and between hospitals," said Minister of Health Viktor Liashko. Each ambulance is equipped with essential medical equipment, including a resuscitation unit with a ventilator and a defibrillator. As part of the initiative to replenish the ambulance fleet, the Olena Zelenska Foundation has delivered 77 specialized vehicles to medical professionals, provided by partners from Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, South Korea, and Slovenia. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine