5 captures 22 Sep 2021 - 30 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224061718/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-vzyav-uchast-u-robochij-zustrichi-radnikiv-prez-68773 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva took part in a working meeting of advisers to the Presidents of Lithuania, Estonia, Latvia and Poland 1 June 2021 - 20:27 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva took part in a working meeting of foreign policy and national security advisers to the Presidents of the Baltic States and Poland, which took place in Vilnius. Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov also took part in the event on behalf of the Ukrainian side. During the meeting, Ihor Zhovkva informed the participants in detail about the current security situation in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine in view of the recent increase in Russia's military presence along the Ukrainian border. The interlocutors were also informed about the numerous violations of the regime of silence in eastern Ukraine and the increase in the number of killed and wounded Ukrainian servicemen. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President commended the solidarity of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in support of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the number of visits of high-ranking Baltic and Polish officials to our country over the past two months. The participants also discussed in detail the situation in the temporarily occupied Crimea and the importance of ensuring regular monitoring of the security and humanitarian situation on the peninsula. Ihor Zhovkva spoke about the details of the Crimean Platform initiative of the President of Ukraine and noted the readiness of the Baltic States and Poland to join it. Particular attention was paid to the priorities of Ukraine's strategic movement towards NATO, in particular in the context of the prospect of obtaining a Membership Action Plan. The advisers to the Presidents expressed readiness to continue supporting the Ukrainian state on this path. The participants of the meeting also discussed the agenda of Ukraine-EU relations. Ihor Zhovkva especially thanked the Baltic States and Poland, which became the first EU member states to support our country's European prospect by concluding relevant declarations at the highest political level. The diplomatic and national security advisers from the Baltic States and Poland expressed readiness to further assist Ukraine in implementing the priorities of its integration into NATO and the EU. The participants of the event also had a meeting with President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine