25 captures 09 Mar 2022 - 13 May 2025 Jun JUL Aug 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: International Internet Preservation Consortium Archive-It Partner 769: International Internet Preservation Consortium Collection: War in Ukraine On 23 February 2022, the armed forces of the Russian Federation invaded the territory of Ukraine, annexing certain regions and cities and carrying out a series of military strikes throughout the country, thus triggering a war in Ukraine. Since then, the clashes between the Russian military and the Ukrainian army and population have had an unprecedented impact on the situation in the region and on international relations. This collection aims to collect web content related to this event in order to map the impact of this conflict on digital history and culture. Identification of seed websites and initial web crawling began in July 2022, and the collection will continue to add new content as the conflict evolves. High priority subtopics include: general information on military confrontations; consequences of the war on the civilian population; refugee crisis and international relief efforts; political consequences; international relations; diaspora communities--Ukrainians around the world; human rights organisations; foreign embassies and diplomatic relations; sanctions imposed on Russia by foreign powers; consequences on energy and agri-food trade; and public opinion (blogs/protest sites/activists). Websites from all over the world and in all languages are in scope. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220726225518/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-nas-ce-vitchiznyana-vijna-i-mi-znayemo-chim-taki-vijni-73293/ Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukrainian bravery inspires all free nations, and just imagine how inspiring our victory will be - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 July 2022 - 22:41 View all videos n latest news Ukrainian bravery inspires all free nations, and just imagine how inspiring our victory will be - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 July 2022 - 22:38 In an interview with Vogue magazine, the First Lady talked about Ukraine's resistance to the Russian invasion 26 July 2022 - 21:57 Ukraine's accession to the OECD Working Group on Bribery will contribute to the introduction of additional safeguards against corruption - Andriy Yermak 26 July 2022 - 21:53 The democracies of the world are capable of stopping any tyranny - speech by the President of Ukraine during the awarding of the Winston Churchill Leadership Award 26 July 2022 - 20:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Head of State with the President of the Republic of Guatemala in Kyiv 25 July 2022 - 15:27 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches For us, this is a patriotic war, and we know how such wars end for the invaders - address by the President of Ukraine 3 March 2022 - 01:14 Good health to you, dear Ukrainians! Strong and kind! But – kind NOT to enemies. We are a nation that broke the enemy's plans in a week. Plans that have been built for years. Treacherously. Deliberately. With hatred of our country, of our people - of any people who have heart and freedom. But we stopped them. We beat them. Our military, border guards, territorial defense. Even ordinary farmers capture the Russian military on a daily basis. And they all say one thing: they don't know why they're here. Despite the fact that their quantity is ten times bigger, the morale of the enemy is deteriorating. More and more invaders are fleeing back to Russia. From us. From you. From all who drive out the enemy with javelins, stugnas, guns, tanks, planes, helicopters. Everything that shoots. But Ukrainians are beating the enemy even without weapons. I sincerely admire the heroic civilians of Konotop, Bashtanka, Energodar, Melitopol. Other towns and villages. Who do not let the invaders in by blocking the roads. People come out in front of enemy vehicles. This is extremely dangerous. But this is brave. It is also salvation. I'm sure you saw a video from Melitopol where Ukrainians protested against Russians who entered our city. Temporarily. I am sure of this: if they entered somewhere, it is only temporarily. We’ll drive them out. With shame. As those people, ordinary people who drive the invaders out of grocery stores when the Russian soldiers are trying to find food do. These are not warriors of the superpower. These are confused children who were used. Take them home. Ukrainians! Every invader should know: they will not get anything here. No one will be conquered. Even if they can accumulate more equipment and more people, it doesn't change anything for them. Wherever they enter. They will be destroyed everywhere. They will not have peace. They will have no food. They will not have a single quiet moment. The invaders will receive only a rebuff from Ukrainians. Fierce rebuff. Such a rebuff that they will forever remember that we will not give up what’s ours. That they will remember what the patriotic war is. Yes, for us it is a patriotic war. We remember how patriotic wars begin. And we know how they end. For the invaders. Our army is doing everything to break the enemy completely. Almost nine thousand Russians were killed! In one week! In the Mykolaiv direction invaders have to take away the "two hundred" and "three hundred" with tens of helicopters. 19 years, 20 years ... What did they see in life, apart from this invasion? But most of them remain everywhere. Ukraine does not want to be covered with military corpses. Go home. Your whole army. Tell your commanders that you want to live. Not to die. To live. The war must be stopped and peace restored as soon as possible. Today was, as usual, an active day of negotiations with the leaders of the member states of our anti-war coalition. I held talks with the heads of government of Norway and Israel. With the President of Kazakhstan. With the Emir of Qatar Tamim Bin Hamad al Thani. With President of the European Council Charles Michel. With Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau. With President of Poland Andrzej Duda. Brilliant result at the UN General Assembly. 141 countries supported the resolution, which calls on Russia to withdraw troops from Ukraine immediately. 141 states stand for us! And for Russia - only four states that voted against. Here is the list: North Korea, Eritrea, Syria and Belarus. This is the list. These are the friends. And there will be no others for the state that does not know how to live in peace. Today I held a meeting with the heads of regions and cities of Ukraine. The new head of the Odesa regional state administration is already working. Maksym Marchenko. Military. Professional. Our guys on the ground are working hard to organize "green corridors". To take out civilians. To bring medicine. Volnovakha, cities of the Kyiv, Sumy, Kharkiv regions, south of Ukraine. This is very difficult. Extremely difficult. We are opposed by terror. But terror loses. Thanks to our heroes. Today I signed a decree awarding the title of Hero of Ukraine to fifteen of our defenders: Senior Lieutenant Maksym Vitaliyovych Bilokon. Posthumously. He took part in repelling the enemy's attack during the defense of Chernihiv, destroyed the enemy's subversive group and two enemy tanks. Lieutenant Colonel Oleksandr Valeriyovych Kapichun. Posthumously. Thanks to his heroic actions, the enemy column was stopped, equipment and enemy soldiers were destroyed. Soldier Oleksandr Volodymyrovych Lukyanovych. Posthumously. During the battle he neutralized up to three dozen units of enemy equipment. He was fatally wounded by an air strike. Junior Sergeant Mykhailo Mykhailovych Nesolyony. Posthumously. He died in close combat with enemy forces while evacuating people. Soldier Andriy Valeriyovych Nikonchuk. Posthumously. He protected the Kyiv HPP from Russian air raids and missile strikes. Lieutenant Vitalii Romanoviyh Sapyl. Posthumously. Tank platoon commander. Neutralized three dozen enemy vehicles. Killed by an air strike. Chief Sergeant Oleksiy Oleksandrovych Senyuk. Posthumously. He defended Chernihiv, destroyed two enemy IFVs and captured a T-72 tank. Killed by an air strike. Lieutenant Vladyslav Petrovych Ukrainets. Posthumously. He covered the retreat of brothers-in-arms when the enemy attacked. Major Stepan Ivanovych Choban. Posthumously. The pilot of the Su-27, distracted the enemy aircraft over Kropyvnytskyi. Major Ihor Vasyliovych Mykhalchuk. Head of the tank battalion unit. Destroyed numerous enemy armored vehicles. Colonel Serhiy Mykolayovych Musienko. Head of the Missile and Artillery Division. Inflicted devastating blows on the enemy in the Kharkiv direction. Lieutenant Yevhen Mykhailovych Palchenko. Tank platoon commander. Covered the exit of the brigade from the encirclement. Major Vladyslav Yuriyovych Prokopenko. Head of the tank battalion. Withdrew personnel and equipment from the encirclement without loss. Lieutenant Colonel Pavlo Yuriyovych Fedosenko. Head of the unit of the 92nd brigade. For the effective defense of Kharkiv. Senior Lieutenant Dmytro Petrovych Chavalakh. For heroic participation in the defense of the Kherson region. All 40 million are like these fifteen heroes! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine