4 captures 16 Sep 2024 - 07 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 16 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240916203212/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=19-07-2023&date-to=19-07-2024&page=182 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Next Week, We Are Preparing to Present the Victory Plan to Our Allies – President’s Address 16 September 2024 - 19:50 View all videos pg Photo gallery President's Participation in the 20th Annual Yalta European Strategy Meeting 13 September 2024 - 15:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – International consultations on key principles of peace for Ukraine took place in Jeddah 6 August 2023 - 13:07 On the instructions of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Ukrainian delegation to Jeddah was headed by Andriy Yermak, Head of the Presidential Office. International rules-based order violated by Russian aggression must be restored – address of President of Ukraine 5 August 2023 - 20:58 The greater the consolidation of the world for the sake of restoring a just peace is the sooner an end will be put to the bombs and missiles with which Moscow wants to replace the norms of international law. Fair and honest end to Russian aggression will benefit everyone in the world – address of President of Ukraine 4 August 2023 - 18:47 Thankful to all our heroes! Thankful to everyone in the world who supports Ukraine! Thankful to everyone who brings the implementation of the Peace Formula closer! Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a member of the Republican Party, former Governor of New Jersey Christopher Christie 4 August 2023 - 16:38 The President emphasized the importance of increasing assistance from partners for reliable protection against Russian missile terror and successful liberation of the temporarily occupied Ukrainian territories. Ukraine has started negotiations with the US on bilateral agreement on security commitments 3 August 2023 - 22:48 These security commitments will reinforce Ukraine’s progress towards future membership in the Euro-Atlantic community, including the EU and NATO, which is the ultimate goal and the most reliable guarantee of security. Everyone must work for the victory, for the protection of people and Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 August 2023 - 21:45 There were many meetings today. Different ones. International work, internal security, defense of the state. We are working to have more air defense systems. In particular, this is a task for each of our ambassadors, all representatives of Ukraine. Olena Zelenska: Spouses of Ukrainian diplomats are becoming a separate effective force 3 August 2023 - 14:02 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with representatives of Spouses of Ukrainian Diplomats Association. President met with the Hungarian community in Zakarpattia and presented state awards to the warriors 2 August 2023 - 23:23 "I am grateful that the warriors from Zakarpattia are fighting so heroically and effectively against the Russian occupiers for the sake of our country and our common freedom. They are fighting in different combat brigades. We are all citizens of Ukraine: ethnic Hungarians, ethnic Ukrainians, and all our other national communities. We all defend our country, we all help our warriors, all our heroes," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Olena Zelenska at the Conference of Ambassadors: Today, each of us is an ambassador of Ukraine and a defender of its interests 2 August 2023 - 21:50 Speaking to the ambassadors, the President's wife thanked them for their cooperation, in particular in the preparation of the third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen to be held in Ukraine in September. Zakarpattia will be one of the drivers of development for the whole of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 21:33 Relocation of business and creation of new jobs in different communities of the region is an important area of work. Facilities for the rehabilitation of our warriors are the right projects. Many initiatives to develop the economy of Zakarpattia. 1 2 ... 179 180 181 182 183 184 185 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine