1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031449/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=51 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President held a meeting of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief's Staff 14 March 2023 - 14:48 The members of the Staff heard reports from the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the commanders of the operational and strategic groups of troops on the current situation at the front. On the 160th anniversary of Volodymyr Vernadsky's birth, the President of Ukraine talked to the participants of the 27th Ukrainian Antarctic Expedition 12 March 2023 - 17:59 The Head of State noted that he was extremely pleased to see Ukrainian scientists and researchers doing an important job for their country so far away from Ukraine. President of Ukraine holds meeting with Minister of Defense of Kingdom of Norway 10 March 2023 - 17:57 When congratulating the delegation, the President expressed his gratitude to the government, parliament, and the entire people of Norway for the comprehensive assistance provided to Ukraine and our citizens, and for effective support of our state's sovereignty and territorial integrity. At the Vilnius Summit, Ukraine expects NATO member states to endorse security guarantees - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2023 - 16:29 Ukraine has been invited to the NATO Summit to be held in Vilnius and expects NATO member states to endorse the provision of security guarantees to our country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives following a meeting with Prime Minister of Finland Sanna Marin in Kyiv. Joint Statement of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of the Republic of Finland Sanna Marin 10 March 2023 - 16:06 During their meeting the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the Republic of Finland recalled the European Union’s unwavering support for Ukraine’s independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity within its internationally recognised borders extending to its territorial waters, as well as fully supporting Ukraine’s inherent right to self-defence and to choose its own security arrangements. President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Finland who is on a visit to Ukraine 10 March 2023 - 15:47 Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed gratitude to Finland for the defense support packages provided to our country, as well as for its effective participation in the tank coalition. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Sanna Marin took part in the final farewell ceremony for Hero of Ukraine Dmytro Kotsiubailo and honored the memory of fallen Ukrainian defenders 10 March 2023 - 14:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Sanna Marin laid flowers at the coffin of Dmytro Kotsiubailo and expressed condolences to his family. On the 209th anniversary of Taras Shevchenko's birth, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with cultural and artistic figures 9 March 2023 - 21:01 The event was held in a mixed format: live at the Office of the President and via video conference. Famous performers, theater and film actors, artists, journalists, producers, heads of cultural institutions and specialized government agencies joined the conversation. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to women who distinguished themselves in the defense of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity 8 March 2023 - 17:42 "Today we thank our women who are fighting, caring, working for peace for Ukraine, for the protection of our lives, our freedom, our people," the President emphasized. It is now and in Ukraine that the future of the UN is being decided - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with António Guterres in Kyiv 8 March 2023 - 17:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with UN Secretary-General António Guterres, who visited Ukraine for the third time since the beginning of full-scale Russian aggression. 1 2 ... 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine