5 captures 16 Nov 2022 - 24 Jun 2025 Oct NOV Dec 16 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221116191640/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zustrivsya-z-vice-prezidentom-svitovogo-banku-79181 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Take the Ukrainian defense experience to guarantee the security of your people - speech by the President of Ukraine during the participation in the "Digital Transformation" panel within the G20 summit 16 November 2022 - 09:24 View all videos n latest news Any issues related to end of war in Ukraine should be discussed in public – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 November 2022 - 20:39 Symbol of irreversibility of changes in social relations: Olena Zelenska presents printed "Barrier-free Handbook" in Kyiv 16 November 2022 - 18:39 Head of State meets with Vice President of World Bank 16 November 2022 - 18:29 President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 16 November 2022 - 14:31 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 14 November 2022 - 13:21 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of State meets with Vice President of World Bank 16 November 2022 - 18:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Anna Bjerde, Vice President of the World Bank for Europe and Central Asia, who is visiting our country. As the Head of State said, we always want to warmly welcome friends and partners in Ukraine, but the World Bank delegation arrived in Kyiv on the day when Russia carried out another massive missile attack on Ukrainian territory. "Unfortunately, we have been living in such conditions for a long time. Thank you for your support, for the fact that you did not leave immediately, but stayed. This is a very important signal," Zelenskyy said. The President expressed his gratitude to the World Bank and its management for the quick response to Ukraine's needs from the first days of the full-scale war, to threats to economic and macro-financial stability, and the budget deficit. Zelenskyy said that starting February 24, 2022, the World Bank provided Ukraine with $11.4 billion, which is extremely important support for our country. For her part, Bjerde noted the bravery and courage of the Ukrainian people, with which they are fighting for their country. At the meeting, the parties discussed the preparation of World Bank projects for the restoration of Ukrainian transport, energy infrastructure and health care facilities. It was noted that our country hopes for the approval of the decision of the board of governors of the International Finance Corporation (IFC), which is part of the World Bank group, on the $2 billion program in December. The interlocutors also considered a possibility of the leading role of the World Bank in structuring the Ukraine Recovery Fund. In addition, the President thanked the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA) for the pilot project to introduce military risk insurance for business. He said that this is an extremely important tool for entrepreneurs. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine