13 captures 26 Jul 2023 - 07 Dec 2025 Jun JUL Aug 26 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230726222058/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/duzhe-vazhlivo-sho-zuhvalist-ciyeyi-ataki-rosijskih-terorist-84521 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is very important that the audacity of this attack by Russian terrorists was destroyed - address by the President of Ukraine 26 July 2023 - 22:10 View all videos n latest news Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the President of the United States 26 July 2023 - 23:24 It is very important that the audacity of this attack by Russian terrorists was destroyed - address by the President of Ukraine 26 July 2023 - 22:09 Ihor Zhovkva met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine 26 July 2023 - 20:58 Andriy Yermak had a conversation with the Director of the National Security Office under the President of Korea 26 July 2023 - 19:56 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Taoiseach of Ireland in Kyiv 19 July 2023 - 15:34 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches It is very important that the audacity of this attack by Russian terrorists was destroyed - address by the President of Ukraine 26 July 2023 - 22:09 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Today is a day that should end with a special gratitude to all our air defense warriors for every Russian missile shot down. The data is still being clarified, but according to preliminary reports, more than 30 missiles were shot down during today's missile attack alone - the vast majority of those used against us. There were a few hits, and some missile fragments fell. But it is very important that the audacity of this attack was destroyed. The air defense units did a great job! I am grateful to everyone who protects the Ukrainian sky. And we work every day to ensure that our warriors have more and more opportunities to defend Ukraine, our cities and people. Today is no exception. Today, the first emergency meeting of the NATO-Ukraine Council took place. We agreed on this meeting with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, and we convened the Council in just a few days. Both Jens and all Allies responded promptly and in solidarity. At the level of the Alliance, the Russian attacks against our country and our ports have been clearly condemned. We discussed what specific actions can bring calm and predictability to the Black Sea region. Thank you all for the substantive work of today's NATO-Ukraine Council! Today, the Italian Senate adopted a decision to recognize the Holodomor as genocide of the Ukrainian people. And this is very important. It is important that the world's recognition of the historical truth about the Holodomor is becoming more and more confident - step by step, we will ensure full recognition of this truth. I held several important meetings on preparing international events in August, including the Crimea Platform. We are also preparing a list of de-occupation steps for Crimea. Comprehensive steps: security, economic, and social. We can quickly reintegrate Crimea into the state fabric of Ukraine. In fact, the occupiers should already consider that while the Crimean bridge is still somewhat operational, they should return home to Russia. Crimea, like the rest of Ukraine, will be free - free from all Russian evil, starting with Russian missiles and ending with every Russian occupier. Russia will lose this war, and no missile will save it. Glory to all those who defend Ukraine! By the way, today our guys at the front had very good results. Well done. More details later. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine