5 captures 24 Nov 2024 - 13 Jul 2025 Oct NOV Dec 24 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241124203815/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/core-group-pid-chas-12-yi-zustrichi-uhvalila-zayavu-yaka-pid-94621 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The World Must Sound Serious to Make Putin Really Afraid of Expanding the War and Feel the Real Consequences of His Actions – Address by the President 22 November 2024 - 18:59 View all videos n latest news Russia Must Feel That Every Step It Takes to Expand the War Has Consequences for It – Address by the President 24 November 2024 - 20:08 The President: Without a Clear Stance from Major Countries, Agreements with Putin Will Amount to Mere Stalling Tactics 23 November 2024 - 20:23 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Supports Transition to a Corps Management System in the Armed Forces of Ukraine If It Reduces Bureaucracy 23 November 2024 - 19:09 Ukraine Is Ready to Share Technologies, Military Experiences and Processing Methods with African Countries – the President 23 November 2024 - 18:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The Head of State and the First Lady Honored the Memory of Holodomor Victims in Ukraine 23 November 2024 - 14:00 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office At Its 12th Meeting, The Core Group Adopted a Statement Reaffirming the Inevitability of Punishment for Those Responsible for Aggression Against Ukraine 22 November 2024 - 18:14 Riga hosted the 12th meeting of the Core Group on the Establishment of the Special Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression against Ukraine. The Group includes 41 states. The Ukrainian delegation was led by Deputy Head of the Office of the President Iryna Mudra. As a result of the meeting, the participants agreed on the key parameters of the Tribunal's work, including its jurisdiction, and developed a roadmap that clearly outlined concrete further steps to establish the Special Tribunal. “We have finally made significant progress this year. Ukraine's position is clear and unequivocal: we cannot and will not compromise on justice,” Iryna Mudra said. In addition, for the first time, a statement was adopted reaffirming the inevitability of punishment for aggressors. It also reflects the strong common position of the Core Group participants and their commitment to the swift establishment of a Special Tribunal. Moreover, the Core Group noted the progress made in the preparation of a draft bilateral Agreement between the Council of Europe and the Government of Ukraine concerning the Establishment of a Special Tribunal, its draft Statute and a draft Enlarged Partial Agreement outlining the modalities of support for such a tribunal. The Special Tribunal is established to punish the highest military and political leaders of the aggressor countries for planning, preparing, unleashing and waging an aggressive war, which is the most serious international crime. Vienna-Riga Statement of the Core Group on the Establishment of the Special Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression against Ukraine - pdf - 127.11 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine