6 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 15 Dec 2025 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101205934/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-10-2023&date-to=31-10-2024&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:31 We’re open to suggestions and perspectives from other countries. But for now, a clear, calculated vision of further actions together with partners is outlined in our Victory Plan. The key is to have the resolve to fulfill its points, and this will undoubtedly bring peace closer. Support for Relocated Businesses, Loan Programs, and Energy Supply: Key Takeaways from President’s Meeting with Zakarpattia Business Representatives 30 October 2024 - 15:54 In Uzhhorod, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with business representatives from the Zakarpattia region in the framework of the “Made in Ukraine” economic platform. The Office of the President Is Preparing a Draft Strategy for the Development of the Justice System and Constitutional Court Proceedings 30 October 2024 - 13:15 The Office of the President of Ukraine is preparing a draft Strategy for the Development of the Justice System and Constitutional Court Proceedings for five years. This was stated by Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Iryna Mudra during a discussion of the key findings of the Shadow Report on Justice and Fundamental Rights. Victory Plan, Frontline Situation and Frozen Russian Assets: Andriy Yermak Met with Antony Blinken 30 October 2024 - 09:30 Continuing the dialogue between the Presidents of Ukraine and the United States, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Washington. Andriy Yermak Met with Jake Sullivan 30 October 2024 - 09:00 The discussion focused on the situation on the battlefield. Andriy Yermak stressed that the United States' support for the Victory Plan and the strengthening of Ukrainian warriors is crucial for Ukraine. We Really Count on Progress in Bolstering Ukraine's Air Shield – President at the Meeting with Swedish Prime Minister 29 October 2024 - 17:15 In Reykjavik, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Sweden Ulf Kristersson. President of Ukraine and Prime Minister of Finland Discuss Defense Support and Preparations for the Second Peace Summit 29 October 2024 - 17:11 In Reykjavik, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Finnish Prime Minister Petteri Orpo. President Meets with Iceland’s Parliamentary Speaker and Foreign Affairs Committee Members 29 October 2024 - 17:02 The President thanked the Speaker for Iceland's active participation in the international Crimea Platform’s parliamentary activities, acknowledged the parliament's decision to recognize the Holodomor of 1932–1933 as genocide of the Ukrainian people, and expressed special gratitude for Iceland’s defense support for Ukraine. Norway Increases Military Aid to Ukraine 29 October 2024 - 15:38 In Reykjavik, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Norwegian Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre. Funding for Ukrainian Defense Production and the Second Peace Summit: President Meets with Denmark's Prime Minister 29 October 2024 - 14:05 In Reykjavik, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Danish Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine