6 captures 22 Sep 2021 - 12 Oct 2024 Jul AUG Sep 17 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220817134940/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/gromadski-miscya-mayut-vidpovidati-epidemiologichnim-vimogam-61741 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos For us to expel the occupiers from Ukraine, every day must make it more and more difficult for Russia to wage a war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 August 2022 - 22:12 View all videos n latest news Active work continues on recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine - Andriy Yermak 16 August 2022 - 23:18 For us to expel the occupiers from Ukraine, every day must make it more and more difficult for Russia to wage a war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 August 2022 - 22:09 President met with representatives of the group of world leaders The Elders Ban Ki-moon and Juan Manuel Santos Calderón 16 August 2022 - 21:12 Russian troops must be immediately withdrawn from the territory of the Zaporizhzhia NPP without any conditions - address by the President of Ukraine 15 August 2022 - 22:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of Youth Day 12 August 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Public places must meet epidemiological requirements during quarantine - President 20 June 2020 - 13:59 This week, the morbidity rate of COVID-19 in Ukraine increased. Currently, 44 people per 100,000 population are ill, and last week the figure was 38 per 100,000. This was reported to President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a traditional conference call on preventing the spread of coronavirus. Minister of Health Maksym Stepanov plans to visit the Lviv and Zakarpattia regions. These regions are among the leaders in the number of infected. The Minister noted that the situation with the incidence in Zakarpattia is of concern. He does not rule out that this region will have to prepare for the introduction of additional restrictions. Maksym Stepanov will study in detail the situation in the Zakarpattia region and listen to the proposals of local authorities. Additional restrictions may be imposed for one week. The government held meetings with heads of regional state administrations and mayors of the regions with the highest rates of morbidity growth as regards strengthening communication with the population. Intensified inspections of public eating places and transport facilities for compliance with measures on preventing the spread of coronavirus will begin next week. "If institutions do not make sure that people are in masks, that distance and safety measures are observed, they should be responsible for this. Public places must meet epidemiological requirements during quarantine," the President stressed. Minister of the Interior Arsen Avakov reported that more than 2,500 inspections of public transport had been carried out. 703 violations were revealed due to non-compliance with safety measures, vehicle malfunctioning and problems with licenses. Fines for the sum of almost UAH 2 million were imposed. Minister of Social Policy Maryna Lazebna noted that next week, as the President insisted, insurance payments would be started for the families of doctors who died from COVID-19. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine