9 captures 24 Jul 2022 - 22 Jan 2026 Jun JUL Aug 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220724103015/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/120-mln-griven-na-avtomobili-shvidkoyi-medichnoyi-dopomogi-d-76641 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Armed Forces of Ukraine advancing step by step in Kherson region – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 July 2022 - 23:45 View all videos n latest news 120 million hryvnias for ambulance vehicles for Ukraine: the world united at the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 24 July 2022 - 00:21 Armed Forces of Ukraine advancing step by step in Kherson region – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 July 2022 - 23:42 The war did not break Ukraine and will not break or stop life in our country – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 23 July 2022 - 19:04 Imagine Dragons become ambassadors for UNITED24 platform 23 July 2022 - 16:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 23 July 2022 - 17:32 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife 120 million hryvnias for ambulance vehicles for Ukraine: the world united at the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 24 July 2022 - 00:21 On the initiative of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen took place on July 23. The main purpose of the event was to discuss the postwar future of our country and the world, as well as to collect funds for ambulance vehicles for Ukraine. The second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen is designed to once again draw the attention of the world community to the full-scale war that has been ongoing for the fifth month in the center of Europe. The main theme of this year's event was human. After all, it is the preservation and restoration of human capital that is the key to the successful recovery of the country. "A person, his life and health, honor and dignity, inviolability and security are recognized as the highest value in Ukraine. Our Constitution says so. This has always been the case, and no one will take away this value - our soldiers on the battlefield, medics delivering babies in basements, volunteers taking out elderly people from under shelling assert it every day," said Olena Zelenska. On the eve of the Summit, on July 21, a fundraising was launched for the C-type ambulance vehicles. These ambulance vehicles are equipped with everything necessary to quickly and safely transport the seriously injured to the hospital. "How many ambulance vehicles do we need? Today, according to the estimates, several hundred. Is that enough? Not sure. The war does not end. Ambulance vehicles rescue people under shelling, take out the wounded on roads that have been destroyed by explosions. Doctors risk their lives and, together with the vehicles, actually become participants in hostilities," Olena Zelenska said. Such vehicles are equipped with everything necessary to transport the seriously wounded to the hospital: oxygen tanks, cardiac monitors and defibrillators, electrocardiographs and ventilators. The approximate cost of one such vehicle is EUR 100,000. Such vehicles can move even off-road. According to preliminary estimates, at the time of the end of the Summit, the total amount of money raised was almost UAH 120 million. The fundraising is continued and is carried out through the United24 fundraising platform. The summit took place in the format of a telebridge between five countries. The main studio was located in Kyiv, on the territory of the National Reserve "Sofia Kyivska", four others - in Warsaw, Brussels, Washington and London. The event was attended by 23 First Ladies of Austria, Belize, Belgium, Greece, the State of Israel, Ecuador, Iceland, Spain, Canada, Latvia, Lithuania, North Macedonia, Poland, Serbia, the USA, Turkey, France, Germany, Montenegro, as well as Her Royal Highness the Hereditary Princess of Liechtenstein and the wife of the President of the European Council. Among the more than fifty invited speakers were President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda, President of the European Council Charles Michel, Director-General of WHO Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, Executive Director of UN Women Sima Bacchus, European Commissioner for Health and Food Safety Stella Kyriakides, Secretary of State of Great Britain Liz Truss, Deputy Prime Minister - Minister of Digital Transformation of Ukraine Mykhailo Fedorov, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba, football player, UNICEF goodwill ambassador David Beckham, tennis player, U24 ambassador Elina Svitolina, actors Richard Gere, Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher, Liev Schreiber and many others. The moderators of the Summit were world-famous TV presenter and journalist Piers Morgan and Ukrainian TV presenter Hanna Homonai. At the Summit, the singer Ellie Goulding and Dmytro Shurov jointly performed the song "Oi u luzi chervona kalyna". The event was broadcasted in more than 20 countries of the world, including Great Britain, Japan, Latvia, Lithuania, Italy, Austria, Malaysia, Belgium, Spain, Nigeria, South Africa, Poland, Turkey, Germany, USA, Hungary, Cyprus, Lebanon and North Macedonia. Official website of the event: https://kyivsummitflg.gov.ua Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine