9 captures 01 Sep 2021 - 18 Oct 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072248/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-u-vashingtoni-proviv-zustrich-z-ministrom-obo-70469 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President met with the US Secretary of Defense in Washington 1 September 2021 - 07:52 During a working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin. The Head of State expressed condolences over the deaths of American servicemen as a result of the terrorist attack in Kabul. "As President of a country that is losing its best sons every day in the war unleashed by Russia in eastern Ukraine, I understand well the pain of the families of the dead and the entire American people," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President spoke about Ukraine's assistance in evacuating foreign citizens and Afghans in need of protection from Afghanistan. The US Secretary of Defense thanked for the help of our state in evacuating people from Afghanistan. Volodymyr Zelenskyy assured that Ukraine is and will remain on the same side with the United States in defending freedom and democracy. The US Secretary of Defense congratulated Ukraine on the 30th anniversary of independence and assured that the United States would stand by our country, support its sovereignty and territorial integrity, and help counter Russian aggression. He also expressed support for Ukraine's aspirations for NATO membership. The parties discussed the situation in the east of our country, which remains tense despite Ukraine's efforts to achieve de-escalation through peaceful diplomacy. In particular, tensions are growing due to the Russian Federation's military exercise "West-2021". The President of Ukraine and the US Secretary of Defense also discussed the prospects of developing cooperation in order to counter Russia's aggressive policy in the Azov-Black Sea region and guarantee freedom of navigation in international waters. "The situation in the Black Sea requires a collective security response," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Lloyd Austin said that the United States had decided to provide additional security assistance to Ukraine in the amount of $ 60 million, including the purchase of portable anti-tank missile systems "Javelin". The President noted that the United States is a reliable security partner and thanked for the continued support in providing annual security assistance to Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that he is willing to reform the Ukrainian defense industry and fully supports the corporatization of defense enterprises. In addition, the President thanked the American party for the treatment and rehabilitation of the Ukrainian military and veterans. He stressed that Ukraine counts on the support of the United States in building a network of medical and rehabilitation centers for our defenders. ph President’s visit to the United States 31 August 2021 - 09:03 ph President’s visit to the United States 31 August 2021 - 09:03 Print version n Related news An agreement, which defines a new stage of cooperation between Ukraine and the United States in the field of defense and security, was signed in the presence of the President 1 September 2021 - 00:14 During the working visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States, a number of agreements on strategic defense partnership, scientific and technical cooperation, space flight security, information protection and border security were signed. News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine