1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070741/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=78 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President held a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council, which imposed sanctions on thieves in law and instructed to conduct an audit of state lands in Koncha-Zaspa and Pushcha-Vodytsya 14 May 2021 - 19:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council, at which a decision was made to apply sanctions against representatives of criminal groups, the Cyber Security Development Strategy was approved and the creation of a nationwide digital multichannel television network Multiplex was agreed. Address by the President of Ukraine following the meeting of the National Security and Defense Council of May 14 14 May 2021 - 18:03 Following the adoption of the law on thieves in law, the strategy for combating organized crime and nine months of work, personal sanctions have been applied against 557 thieves in law currently known in the world. Most of them are not in Ukraine. And the number of those at liberty in Ukraine has halved: from 34 to 17 people. Today we did everything to make this figure zero. In the near future and forever. For the first time in many years, the number of oligarchs in Ukraine has decreased, and the process of de-oligarchization will be continued - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 May 2021 - 13:14 The process of de-oligarchization in Ukraine will be continued until all oligarchs become just representatives of big business. The reforms carried out in the country are aimed at making Ukraine understandable to the world and providing a prosperous and comfortable life for citizens. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy wrote about this in his op-ed for the Focus media. President of Ukraine took part in the opening of a new building of the Kyiv School of Economics 13 May 2021 - 21:56 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the opening of a new building of the Kyiv School of Economics (KSE) in the capital. Ihor Zhovkva discussed security situation in Donbas with Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia 13 May 2021 - 20:14 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a working meeting with Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia Jonatan Vseviov. Andriy Yermak met with ambassadors of G7, Sweden and EU as regards Donbas peace process and corporate governance reform 13 May 2021 - 19:18 At a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7, Sweden and the European Union, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak informed the diplomats about the latest initiatives of our country on the peace process to end the war in Donbas and on the corporate governance reform. President on the signing of framework agreements between Ukraine and France: This is important both for the Luhansk region and for the capital 13 May 2021 - 14:31 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy commended the conclusion of four framework agreements totaling more than 1.3 billion euros by the governments of Ukraine and France. These documents were signed during the visit of Minister of Economy and Finance of France Bruno Le Maire to Ukraine. President got himself acquainted with the capabilities of the UA30 Cybercenter, which will ensure cyber protection of government agencies, businesses and citizens 13 May 2021 - 13:18 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the presentation of the UA30 Cybercenter established on the basis of the State Service for Special Communication and Information Protection of Ukraine to protect state information resources, critical information infrastructure and Ukrainian cyberspace in general. One of the topics of a possible meeting between the Presidents of Ukraine and Russia may be the state of implementation of the Paris Summit agreements - Andriy Yermak 13 May 2021 - 11:53 The terms of the meeting between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of Russia Vladimir Putin are being agreed, but it is too early to announce the details. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak in a comment to RBC-Ukraine. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of Romania 12 May 2021 - 18:59 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of Romania Klaus Iohannis. 1 2 ... 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine