5 captures 30 Jul 2020 - 22 Jul 2025 Feb MAR Apr 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220324231059/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nezalezhnist-obyektivnist-chesnist-i-nepidkupnist-mayut-buti-62473 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Group of Seven summit 24 March 2022 - 17:26 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine met with the Speakers of the Parliaments of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia who arrived in Kyiv 24 March 2022 - 20:34 Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Group of Seven summit 24 March 2022 - 17:21 Israel could become one of the guarantors of the international agreement on security guarantees for Ukraine, as it should understand us like no other - Andriy Yermak 24 March 2022 - 15:42 Speech by the President of Ukraine at the Riksdag in Sweden 24 March 2022 - 14:18 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Independence, objectivity, honesty and integrity must be the main principles of daily work of judges – President 28 July 2020 - 13:41 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that judges must be objective, independent and honest in their daily work. He stated this during the ceremony of taking oath by judges appointed to office. "As of today, each of you is the face of the judiciary. And its image depends only on you. I believe that you will be worthy of the high title of judge. You will always remember that you administer justice not on behalf of individual interests, but on behalf of Ukraine," the President said. "Independence, objectivity, honesty and integrity, adherence to ethical standards, equal treatment of all parties to the trial, competence and diligence - I believe that these Bangalore Principles of Judicial Conduct will be the main and integral conditions of your daily very important, difficult work," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The President noted that in the professional activity each of those present went through a difficult path, yet no less difficult challenge is ahead - restoring public confidence in the judiciary, ensuring the right of everyone to a fair trial in accordance with European and international standards. "It is important to realize that in most cases, the court not only resolves the legal dispute, but also decides on the future of the person. Therefore, society and the state expect that your every decision will be balanced, fair and legal. I am sure that you will be able to change the most important thing - the attitude of society, the attitude of citizens to the word "judge". And it will always evoke only two emotions in people - trust and respect,” the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy called today an important day for the judicial system of Ukraine, as courts that have been unable to work properly for a long time due to the lack of judges are resuming their work. He reminded that for the first time since 2016, more than 200 new judges will administer justice in local general courts. "These are young successful people who have modern views, but at the same time - a lot of professional experience. You have come a long, difficult way to this day," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy wished the judges that the words of the oath were not said today for the first and last time. "Let these words be the beginning of your every day. Remember them every time you make a decision. Remember them every time someone offers to turn a blind eye to the law and tries to dazzle you with images of Benjamin Franklin," the President summed up, congratulating the judges and wishing each of them great professional achievements. ph Participation in the ceremony of taking oath by judges appointed to office 28 July 2020 - 13:42 ph Participation in the ceremony of taking oath by judges appointed to office 28 July 2020 - 13:42 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine