21 captures 12 Sep 2022 - 09 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 12 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220912030127/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-amerikanskim-biznesmenom-u-galuzi-77689 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I want to dedicate this address to those who have been bravely standing for 200 days, being the exact reason why Ukraine stands - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 September 2022 - 22:12 View all videos n latest news I want to dedicate this address to those who have been bravely standing for 200 days, being the exact reason why Ukraine stands - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 September 2022 - 22:10 Today, Ukraine has changed the formats of international communication and has become a much more powerful state than before the war - Mykhailo Podolyak 11 September 2022 - 14:19 Andriy Yermak met with the American businessman in the field of IT, former CEO of Google Eric Schmidt 11 September 2022 - 13:30 The creation of a tribunal on the crime of aggression is a matter of maturity for the entire civilized world - Deputy Head of the President's Office at the YES meeting 11 September 2022 - 12:34 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the annual meeting of the Yalta European Strategy 9 September 2022 - 19:04 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with the American businessman in the field of IT, former CEO of Google Eric Schmidt 11 September 2022 - 13:30 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with former executive chairman and CEO of Google, former executive chairman and technology advisor of Alphabet Eric Schmidt. Minister of Defense of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov also took part in the meeting. Eric Schmidt has previously worked with the US Department of Defense on innovation issues, and his family has established philanthropic foundations in the areas of sustainable development and responsible use of natural resources. Andriy Yermak thanked the businessman for the support and assistance he provided to Ukraine since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion. "We greatly appreciate everything you have done for our country," he emphasized. For his part, Eric Schmidt noted that he is happy to help Ukraine. "What is happening in your country because of this war is terrible," said the former CEO of Google. The interlocutors paid special attention to opportunities for deepening cooperation. Andriy Yermak and Eric Schmidt discussed technological solutions that could help Ukraine accelerate the de-occupation of territories, restore its territorial integrity and return to a safe and peaceful life. The businessman also noted the importance of supporting talented youth capable of quickly changing the future. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine