1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032150/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=36 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Head of State takes part in solemn events on Day of Special Operations Forces of Ukrainian Armed Forces in Donetsk region 29 July 2023 - 14:31 Commander of the Special Operations Forces, Brigadier General Viktor Khorenko, reported to the President about the actions of the SOF warriors. In particular, Zelenskyy handed over the Golden Star order to the father of Captain Oleksiy Khyzhniak, who was posthumously awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine. President visits Special Operations Forces' positions near Bakhmut, presents state awards on Special Operations Forces Day 29 July 2023 - 13:42 Zelenskyy visited the command post of SOF tactical groups in Chasiv Yar. The President of Ukraine talked with the servicemen of the Special Operations Forces of the Ukrainian Armed Forces, congratulated them on the holiday, and presented them with state awards. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Chief Advisor to President of Brazil 29 July 2023 - 10:31 Yermak told the interlocutor about the preparation of another meeting of national security advisors to state leaders regarding the implementation of Ukraine's initiatives to restore sustainable and just peace based on respect for the UN Charter and international law. Andriy Yermak holds meeting of Presidium of Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under President of Ukraine devoted to preparations for next Congress session 29 July 2023 - 09:49 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine, at which preparations for the next meeting of the Congress were discussed and its agenda was approved. Head of President's Office discusses implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula with representatives of diplomatic missions accredited in Ukraine 29 July 2023 - 09:15 The meeting, which took place on the Day of Ukrainian Statehood in the premises of the Verkhovna Rada, was dedicated to the implementation of the Peace Formula of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, in particular the clause regarding respect for the UN Charter, the restoration of Ukraine's territorial integrity and the world order. We are preparing quite important international decisions for Ukraine, for our warriors – address of President of Ukraine 28 July 2023 - 18:48 Our international experts are preparing quite weighty decisions for Ukraine, for our warriors. We are doing our best now, we are doing it not publicly – so that the results of our warriors, which everyone will see, can also become the best. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Qatar 28 July 2023 - 16:51 The Head of State emphasized the importance of the first visit of a Qatari official to Ukraine and thanked Qatar for supporting our country and providing humanitarian aid to the Ukrainian people. President on the occasion of the Day of Ukrainian Statehood: Our statehood is our response to the need for security and peace for Ukraine 28 July 2023 - 11:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in an event on the occasion of the Day of Ukrainian Statehood held on Mykhailivska Square in Kyiv. Today, I had the honor to congratulate doctors and nurses, frontline medics on their professional holiday; I am grateful to everyone on whom the life of Ukraine depends - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 July 2023 - 22:54 An important conversation also took place in the presence of the Minister of Health with Commander of the Medical Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Tetiana Ostashchenko. I expect the commander to work together with the community of combat medics, with volunteers. In Odesa, President viewed the damage to Spaso-Preobrazhensky Cathedral caused by Russian terrorist shelling 27 July 2023 - 22:04 The Head of State was told about the extent of the destruction of the church and its current condition. The President was informed that experts are currently working to assess the possibility of restoring the building. 1 2 ... 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine