5 captures 31 Oct 2023 - 09 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 31 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231031151007/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-popri-vorozhe-vtorgnennya-musimo-davati-ditya-86717 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We all must be strong, united, we must withstand to prove that freedom is indeed stronger than aggression – President of Ukraine's address 30 October 2023 - 21:14 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska: Despite the hostile invasion, we must provide children with the best – from education to nutrition 31 October 2023 - 15:23 President awards military personnel who changed the situation in the Black Sea in favor of Ukraine and the world 31 October 2023 - 15:13 We all must be strong, united, we must withstand to prove that freedom is indeed stronger than aggression – President of Ukraine's address 30 October 2023 - 21:09 President of Ukraine holds meeting with delegation of U.S. congressmen 30 October 2023 - 18:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska: Despite the hostile invasion, we must provide children with the best – from education to nutrition 31 October 2023 - 15:23 The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine has approved the Strategy for reforming the school food system for 2023-2027. The school nutrition reform was initiated in 2020 by First Lady Olena Zelenska. In the same year, the government adopted a resolution on the action plan for the school meals system reform. Work on the Strategy began in the winter of 2023, and by the end of February, the document was sent for consideration to the Cabinet of Ministers, which approved it on October 27. The approval of the Strategy is one of the most important steps in the process of changing the organization of meals in educational institutions and ensuring that children have quality and nutritious food. In the coming years, it is expected to serve as a roadmap for the implementation of the reform for all its participants – from central executive authorities to representatives of local self-government bodies. Based on this document, communities can develop regional strategies for implementing changes at the local level. "Despite the hostile invasion, we must provide children with the best – from education to nutrition. I'll even go further: all of this, during the trials of wartime, should be of even higher quality, because resilience is formed from this. That's why the reform of school nutrition, initiated in 2020, continues. Like everything we do during the war, the reform has gained even more, one might say, worldview significance: it has united the whole country, hundreds of adults, and nutrition experts in the desire to create the best conditions, opportunities, and belief in a better tomorrow for young Ukrainians, who are growing up in such challenging times," said the initiator of the reform, Olena Zelenska. The approved document is based on a series of legal acts, including the Constitution of Ukraine, the Law of Ukraine "On Education," the Presidential Decree on the "National Strategy for Building a Safe and Healthy Educational Environment in the New Ukrainian School" dated May 25, 2020, the Concept for the Implementation of State Policy in the Reform of General Secondary Education "New Ukrainian School," and other legislative acts. The document outlines the action plan for the years 2023-2024, the priority directions of work until 2027, and operational tasks. It specifically focuses on four strategic goals of the reform: 1. Increasing the financial and institutional capacity of communities. 2. Restoring and modernizing kitchens and cafeterias while adhering to HACCP safety requirements. 3. Developing the skills and qualifications of educational institution cooks and implementing new nutrition standards and menus. 4. Promoting a culture of healthy eating in Ukraine. The main goal of implementing these strategic reform tasks is to ensure diverse, balanced, and high-quality food in educational institutions, promote social protection for vulnerable population groups, and instill healthy eating habits in children and adults. "The last point can be called the main, overarching goal of our entire endeavor. Just as life's journey begins at school, so do eating habits start in the school cafeteria. We would like these habits to be correct and healthy, spreading from children to their families and ultimately to the whole society. We want everyone to say about their menu, even after years: 'Delicious and healthy, just like in school!' Our children will receive everything they need to become winners," Olena Zelenska concluded. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine