13 captures 04 Jun 2019 - 16 Mar 2025 Feb MAR Apr 28 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220328073332/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kurs-na-povnopravne-chlenstvo-u-yes-i-nato-zalishayetsya-nez-55745 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The week is planned to be very busy, so no one will be able to hide the Ukrainian interest somewhere in political offices - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2022 - 00:40 View all videos n latest news The week is planned to be very busy, so no one will be able to hide the Ukrainian interest somewhere in political offices - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2022 - 00:38 President: “Denazification” and demilitarization of Ukraine is not discussed at all in talks with Russia 28 March 2022 - 00:22 In Ukraine, a special award will be given to corporations that quickly and completely left Russia - Andriy Yermak 27 March 2022 - 22:36 Ukrainian servicemen in Mariupol are not ready to leave their wounded and dead brothers-in-arms in the city - President 27 March 2022 - 22:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The course towards full membership in the EU and NATO remains the unwavering foreign policy priority of Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 June 2019 - 19:30 The course towards full membership in the EU and NATO remains the unwavering foreign policy priority of Ukraine. It was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the joint briefing with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in Brussels. "The strategic course of Ukraine is aimed at full membership in the EU and NATO. This is enshrined in the Constitution of Ukraine and remains our unwavering foreign policy priority," the Head of State emphasized. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also emphasized that the movement of Ukraine to the high European standards of life and security was a requirement of Ukrainian society. "This is the goal of all our reforms - raising the living standards of Ukrainians, eliminating corruption and modernizing the entire state. This can only be done by providing national security," the President said. He added that Ukraine was willing to fulfill the Minsk agreements. "However, first of all, we must be able to defend ourselves, to become stronger in economic, political and military sense," he stressed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked for the political and practical support Ukraine receives from the North Atlantic Alliance and allies. "I want to give a new boost to our relations with the Alliance. Russia's armed aggression remains a major challenge for Euro-Atlantic security. Stability and security in the Black Sea remains our common task, which requires additional efforts of the Alliance," the Head of State emphasized. The President of Ukraine praised the decision of the allies to enhance the Black Sea security and help strengthen the capabilities of the Naval Forces of Ukraine. "We are hopeful to resume our regular dialogue in the framework of the Ukraine-NATO Commission at the level of heads of state and government, as well as ministers of defense and foreign affairs," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. According to him, Ukraine expects the visit of the North Atlantic Council. "We will continue the European and Euro-Atlantic integration. We need all available mechanisms that will help us on this path," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. For his part, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg stressed that Ukraine was a reliable partner of the Alliance. "Ukraine is a valuable partner of NATO. You contribute to our missions in Afghanistan and Kosovo, even if you have problems at home. We carry out many exercises together. It shows Ukraine's high commitment to national security," Jens Stoltenberg said. He noted that during the meeting with Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the situation in the east Ukraine had been discussed, in particular, Russia's attempt to give its passports to Ukrainian citizens. "The latest example of Russia's attempt to destabilize the east Ukraine is a step in the wrong direction," he said. Today, the Ukraine-NATO Commission will consider the security situation in Ukraine at its meeting. "I would like to hear your opinion. The conflict in the east Ukraine continues to take away lives. 13 thousand Ukrainian people were killed in battles. They deserve peace. I commend your commitment to resolve the conflict peacefully. NATO will support the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine. We will not recognize the illegal annexation. We condemn Russia's aggressive actions in the Black Sea region," the NATO Secretary General said. Jens Stoltenberg emphasized that the Alliance welcomed the decision of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea, according to which Russia must release Ukrainian sailors and ships detained in November 2018. He reminded that in response to Russia's aggressive actions, NATO had increased its military presence in the Black Sea region. ph President's visit to the EU and NATO institutions in Brussels 4 June 2019 - 17:09 ph President's visit to the EU and NATO institutions in Brussels 4 June 2019 - 17:09 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine