1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022824/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=16 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a representative of the Ecumenical Patriarchate 10 August 2023 - 18:46 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the representative of the Ecumenical Patriarchate, Metropolitan Emmanuel of Chalcedon, who arrived in our country. President on the occasion of the Day of the Signal Troops: Every victory over Russian invaders includes success of our signallers 8 August 2023 - 17:28 On the Day of the Signal Troops, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with servicemen of the Signal and Cyber Security Troops of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and presented state awards. Peace Formula is universal, and after Ukraine, it can be the basis for overcoming other military conflicts and global problems - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 August 2023 - 16:22 As the President emphasized, today the right and so far the only diplomatic way to achieve peace is the Peace Formula initiated by Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Mark Rutte discussed future security guarantees for Ukraine and the role of the Netherlands in the coalition of fighter jets 8 August 2023 - 15:30 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte. On the Day of the Air Force, Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed samples of weapons and military equipment of the Ukrainian defenders of the sky and talked to the warriors 6 August 2023 - 14:42 During the conversation with the Head of State, the Air Force servicemen presented him with a pilot's helmet. President on the occasion of the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine: Ukraine can fight and live because there are warriors who clear our skies of Russian evil 6 August 2023 - 14:31 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the occasion of the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and presented high state awards, honorary insignia and battle flags to military units. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a member of the Republican Party, former Governor of New Jersey Christopher Christie 4 August 2023 - 16:38 The President emphasized the importance of increasing assistance from partners for reliable protection against Russian missile terror and successful liberation of the temporarily occupied Ukrainian territories. President met with the Hungarian community in Zakarpattia and presented state awards to the warriors 2 August 2023 - 23:23 "I am grateful that the warriors from Zakarpattia are fighting so heroically and effectively against the Russian occupiers for the sake of our country and our common freedom. They are fighting in different combat brigades. We are all citizens of Ukraine: ethnic Hungarians, ethnic Ukrainians, and all our other national communities. We all defend our country, we all help our warriors, all our heroes," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. President held a meeting on socio-economic and security situation in Zakarpattia region 2 August 2023 - 21:21 During a working trip to Zakarpattia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a coordination meeting on the economic, social and security situation in the region. President: Our goal is to return people home, preserve their ties with Ukraine 2 August 2023 - 21:09 One of the mandatory tasks of Ukrainian diplomats around the world is to protect Ukrainians. The embassies of Ukraine should be assistants to our people and, if necessary, rescuers. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an emergency meeting with the heads of foreign diplomatic missions of Ukraine held in Zakarpattia region. 1 2 ... 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine