1 capture 14 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214193853/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-na-urochistostyah-z-nagodi-dnya-nezalezhnosti-62957 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 President after the meeting with German Chancellor: Ukraine needs energy security guarantees due to the Nord Stream 2 related risks 14 February 2022 - 18:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President at Independence Day celebrations: Let the days of truce become months, years, decades 24 August 2020 - 10:49 Beginning his speech on the occasion of the 29th anniversary of the Independence Day of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed hope that the achieved agreement on the introduction of a full and comprehensive ceasefire regime in Donbas would transform into a full-fledged establishment of peace. Before the President's speech, the National Anthem of Ukraine was played and 10 festive volleys were heard. A ceremonial group of warriors of the honor guard company hoisted the National Flag of Ukraine. “Today, on the 29th day of truce, on the 29th anniversary of Ukraine’s independence, we all ask God for only one thing - let the days of silence become months. Months - years. Years - centuries, and then millennia. Peace, harmony and prosperity for the Ukrainian land,” the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy recalled that a year ago, during his first speech as President at the Independence Day festivities, he talked about how every morning started with a text message from the General Staff of Ukraine about the number of wounded and dead over the past day on the frontline. “The numbers may be different, but only one message makes the morning good. Zero wounded. Zero dead,” the Head of State said. “Today is the 29th day in a row when the morning is really good for me and the whole of Ukraine. Yes, we face many new challenges. But today is 29 days with no combat losses in the east of Ukraine,” the President emphasized, reminding that the 29th day had passed since the last ceasefire agreement had entered into force. The Head of State added: “29 days during which Ukrainian cities and villages have not buried their heroes. 29 days during which moms haven’t cried. 29 days during which wives and children hear on the phone: “I kiss you, my love. I'll be home soon". Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that during his last working trip to eastern Ukraine, he talked to local residents and asked if they knew about the ceasefire agreement. The President noted: “I asked the locals if they had heard the news that we had agreed on "silence". They replied: "We do not hear the news. We hear silence". ph Participation in events on the occasion of the 29th anniversary of the Independence Day of Ukraine 24 August 2020 - 10:48 ph Participation in events on the occasion of the 29th anniversary of the Independence Day of Ukraine 24 August 2020 - 10:48 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine