1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070442/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=69 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine calls for revamp of peace process to end Donbas war 26 April 2021 - 18:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy calls for the revamp of the Minsk agreements reached in 2015 with the aim of establishing peace in Donbas, and also calls for increasing the role of the United States, Great Britain and Canada in ending the conflict. This was stated by him in an interview to Financial Times. President discussed nuclear safety issues in Ukraine and European region with IAEA Director General 26 April 2021 - 16:25 The Ukrainian state is working on the development of the nuclear industry to ensure energy security and synchronization of the national energy system with the energy system of the European Union. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with IAEA Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi in Kyiv. President: I really want there to be no shots in Donbas on Easter 26 April 2021 - 15:50 The negotiations on the return to a comprehensive ceasefire in Donbas on the eve of Easter holidays are at the final stage. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy speaking to the media during a visit to the Chornobyl nuclear power plant. With the participation of the Head of State, a license for the operation of a spent nuclear fuel storage facility at the Chornobyl NPP was presented 26 April 2021 - 15:08 In the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a license was presented to carry out the activity - operation of the nuclear installation “Spent Nuclear Fuel Storage Facility” (SNFSF-2) at the Chornobyl Nuclear Power Plant. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Chornobyl today is common challenges and joint actions for the future and safety of the planet 26 April 2021 - 14:30 The history of the Chornobyl accident should include scientific and educational content to motivate humanity to do everything possible to enhance reliability and safety and avoid similar catastrophes in the future. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his speech on the occasion of the 35th anniversary of the Chornobyl disaster. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the multimedia exhibition “Chornobyl. Journey” dedicated to the 35th anniversary of the Chornobyl accident 26 April 2021 - 13:39 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy together with IAEA Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi, who is on a visit to Ukraine, visited the multimedia exhibition "Chornobyl. Journey" on the territory of the National Complex "Expocenter of Ukraine" in Kyiv. President had a phone conversation with the UN Secretary General 21 April 2021 - 18:57 The President thanked the Secretary-General for his efforts in overcoming the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic. An exchange of views took place on António Guterres' initiative to develop a global vaccination plan under the auspices of the Group of Twenty. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of the Slovak Republic 21 April 2021 - 17:13 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of the Slovak Republic Eduard Heger. Address by the President of Ukraine on the security situation in the country 20 April 2021 - 22:10 Let's start with the first. What is happening today? A large number of Russian troops are concentrated near our state borders. Russia officially calls it an exercise. Unofficially, the whole world calls such things blackmail. Does this worry us? Yes. Does Ukraine and its international partners demand that troops be withdrawn from our borders? Yes. After all, the Russian Federation constantly repeats that it seeks peace, but at the same time creates all preconditions for escalation. President urges small business owners and employees in the “red” zones to apply for state aid on the “Diia” platform 20 April 2021 - 08:01 At the initiative of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, applications for state aid for individuals - entrepreneurs and employees who were forced to terminate their activities due to the tightening of quarantine restrictions against the background of the spread of COVID-19 have started to be registered on the Unified Public Service Portal "Diia". 1 2 ... 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine