6 captures 08 Aug 2019 - 14 Jan 2026 Jul AUG Sep 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220804141927/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-razom-obovyazkovo-znajdemo-shlyah-yakij-zmusit-rosiyu-pov-56765 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The fragility of freedom can be protected only by joint actions, there must be an effective architecture of global security - address by the President of Ukraine 3 August 2022 - 22:45 View all videos n latest news The fragility of freedom can be protected only by joint actions, there must be an effective architecture of global security - address by the President of Ukraine 3 August 2022 - 22:43 Ukraine is grateful to Estonia for real support - President at a meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Estonia 3 August 2022 - 19:28 The Ministry of Internal Affairs and UNFPA, with the support of the First Lady, launched a mobile application for calling the police in cases of domestic violence 3 August 2022 - 18:36 Ukrainians today are motivated by every victory, so we cheer for our athletes, artists and scientists more than ever - President 3 August 2022 - 14:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Odesa region 29 July 2022 - 13:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Together, we will surely find a way to make Russia respect international law - President 7 August 2019 - 22:04 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that a mechanism will be found to make Russia responsible for its actions. The Head of State called Turkey one of the partners who can help achieve this goal. “Together, we will surely find a way to make Russia respect international law, return peace and stability in the region, protect the rights and freedoms of the Crimean Tatars and liberate the political prisoners of the Kremlin,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said during a joint press conference with President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Ankara. “I am convinced that Ukraine and Turkey will jointly change the situation in the Black Sea region and Crimea in our favor,” the President added. He said that the key topics in today's talks with the President of Turkey were the threats of militarization in the occupied Crimea, human rights violations in the peninsula and the persecution of the Crimean Tatar people. “We believe that irresponsible and unpunished demarches of Russia in the international arena must finally get a fair response. As today it is a problem for Ukraine, but tomorrow it could be a disaster for all countries in the region,” the Head of State emphasized. Volodymyr Zelenskyy added that Ukraine and international partners continued to do everything possible and impossible to return peace to Donbas via diplomatic means, and the recent developments showed who really strives for the end of the war. On August 6, the enemy, despite the “Khlibne” truce, carried out a shelling killing 4 Ukrainian servicemen. At the same time, the Ukrainian party complied with the ceasefire regime. “I think after the recent events in the east of Ukraine, nobody doubts who really wants and does everything to achieve peace,” he noted. The President once again emphasized that Ukraine highly appreciated the relations with its strategic partner - Turkey. Our country is also grateful to President Erdoğan for his unwavering position in support of Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. “Thank you for always having the courage to call things as they are - in particular Russia’s occupation of Crimea,” the Head of State said. The President invited the Turkish side to join the reconstruction of infrastructure in eastern Ukraine. "We look forward to the active participation of the Turkish side in the International Forum on Donbas Reconstruction, which we plan to hold in Mariupol in the autumn," Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. Recep Tayyip Erdoğan confirmed that Turkey hadn’t recognized the illegal annexation of Crimea and would not do so. He also stressed that the protection of the rights, interests and the preservation of the national identity of Crimean Tatars, their stay at home in Crimea would remain a priority for his country. “We want the conflict in Donbas to end as soon as possible. We believe that it will be resolved peacefully, on the basis of international law and territorial integrity of Ukraine. We support the Minsk process and the activities of the OSCE Special Monitoring Mission headed by Turkish diplomats," the Turkish President added. ph President's visit to Turkey 7 August 2019 - 14:32 ph President's visit to Turkey 7 August 2019 - 14:32 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine