13 captures 07 Feb 2022 - 30 Oct 2025 Feb MAR Apr 12 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230312052426/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cogo-tizhnya-programa-yepidtrimka-shodo-pridbannya-likiv-bud-72733 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia has become a synonym for terror and will become an example of defeat and fair punishment – address of President of Ukraine 11 March 2023 - 19:41 View all videos n latest news Russia has become a synonym for terror and will become an example of defeat and fair punishment – address of President of Ukraine 11 March 2023 - 19:39 Ukrainians are strong when they take care of each other, and free when they defend themselves – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2023 - 20:24 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Minister of Defense of Kingdom of Norway 10 March 2023 - 17:57 At the Vilnius Summit, Ukraine expects NATO member states to endorse security guarantees - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2023 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Finland 10 March 2023 - 13:44 Go to all galleries Home News Current events This week the eSupport program for the purchase of medicines will be extended to people with disabilities of I and II groups - a conference call 7 February 2022 - 15:31 It is expected that the incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine will increase for a few weeks more, so citizens should be more actively vaccinated to protect themselves from severe disease. This was discussed during a conference call at the Office of the President of Ukraine. According to the government, more than 242,000 cases of coronavirus were registered last week, which is 44% more than a week earlier. The incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine is rising for the fourth week in a row, and the growth is projected to continue for several weeks. Peak rates are expected in the fifth or sixth week. According to Minister of Health Viktor Lyashko, the number of children's beds for young patients with COVID-19 has been increased in medical institutions. In general, the number of people hospitalized with coronavirus disease is growing in a controlled manner: 27 thousand people last week compared to 24 thousand - the week before. The head of the Ministry of Health reiterated that a minimum number of vaccinated people require intensive care. This once again confirms the effectiveness of vaccinations. So the government has once again called on citizens to be aware and get vaccinated to keep themselves and their loved ones healthy. Viktor Lyashko also noted that there are currently enough vaccines from different manufacturers in the regions of Ukraine: Pfizer/BioNTech, Moderna, and recently another batch of CoronaVac vaccine was delivered. Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov proposed to conduct an audit of vaccine residues and determine the necessary volume of purchases of new batches, taking into account the pace of vaccination. Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal asked about the payment of increased salaries to medical workers. Viktor Lyashko reported that, according to the National Health Service of Ukraine, all primary care and emergency care physicians already received increased payments. The Minister also said that the hotlines are working, and all complaints received there are promptly considered. Denys Shmyhal instructed the Ministry of Health together with the State Labor Service of Ukraine to develop tools for effective resolution of problematic issues with payments to local doctors and, if necessary, to take measures against unscrupulous chief physicians. Also this week, the National Health Service of Ukraine began payments to medical institutions under agreements signed in January. Denys Shmyhal also noted that this week the government will decide to expand the "eSupport" program initiated by the President: in addition to people over 60, people with disabilities of groups I and II will be able to buy medications at the expense of state funds. It will also be possible to spend UAH 1,000 on utilities in the near future. In total, UAH 7.8 billion was transferred to Ukrainians under the eSupport program. The Prime Minister instructed the Ministry of Finance to make a forecast of payments for booster vaccination. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine