1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071502/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=53 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Federal President of Germany discussed the progress in implementing reforms in Ukraine 12 July 2021 - 17:33 The interlocutors paid attention to the security situation in eastern Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that our country is doing everything possible for a peaceful settlement in Donbas. In Berlin, the President of Ukraine met with the Minister-President of North Rhine-Westphalia, the head of the CDU party Armin Laschet 11 July 2021 - 23:21 During a working visit to Germany, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Minister-President of North Rhine-Westphalia, the head of the Christian Democratic Union Armin Laschet. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena met with the athletes who will represent Ukraine at the 32nd Summer Olympics in Tokyo 11 July 2021 - 17:08 On Sunday, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska visited the headquarters of the National Olympic Committee of Ukraine (Olympic House) in Kyiv. There they met with the athletes who will represent our country at the 32nd Summer Olympics in Tokyo. Press Secretary of the President: Volodymyr Zelenskyy will start a visit to Germany on July 11 9 July 2021 - 19:29 On July 11, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will pay a visit to the Federal Republic of Germany, where he will meet with Chancellor Angela Merkel. This was announced by the newly appointed Press Secretary of the President Serhiy Nykyforov at a briefing on Friday. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the President of Turkey 8 July 2021 - 19:30 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Strong Ukraine will make the European Union stronger - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Fourth Conference on Reforms 7 July 2021 - 15:53 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the opening of the Fourth Conference on Reforms in Ukraine "Strong Ukraine in a Strong European and Euro-Atlantic Family". President intends to discuss the threats posed by Nord Stream 2 with the Chancellor of Germany 7 July 2021 - 14:31 During a forthcoming meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy intends to discuss the security threat to Ukraine and the whole of Europe through the construction of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline and will insist on the priority of security over economic feasibility. President of Ukraine would like the United States to help end the war in Donbas 7 July 2021 - 14:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stands for the accession of the United States to the negotiation process to end the war in Donbas, which has been going on in central Europe since 2014. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Vice President of Switzerland discussed the holding of the next Conference on Reforms in Ukraine 7 July 2021 - 13:11 During a working visit to Lithuania, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Vice President, Head of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs of the Swiss Confederation Ignazio Cassis. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine's accession to the EU and NATO is first and foremost a geopolitical decision 7 July 2021 - 12:53 Ukraine's full membership in the European Union and NATO is first and foremost a geopolitical decision, and only then a matter of reforms. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a joint press conference with President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda in Vilnius. 1 2 ... 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine