9 captures 08 Mar 2022 - 09 May 2025 Feb MAR Apr 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220308155329/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/borotba-ukrayini-za-svobodu-zalezhit-ne-lishe-vid-nas-j-vid-73425 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In the leading capitals, humanity must overcome fear and benefits, and then the Ukrainian sky will be safe, and the cities will be unblocked - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 12:30 View all videos n latest news Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 In the leading capitals, humanity must overcome fear and benefits, and then the Ukrainian sky will be safe, and the cities will be unblocked - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 12:23 Ukraine's struggle for freedom depends not only on us, but also on other countries that share the values of freedom - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 11:21 Iryna Vereshchuk: We urge the Russian side to adhere to the agreed and documented route of the humanitarian corridor from Sumy 8 March 2022 - 11:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Ukraine's struggle for freedom depends not only on us, but also on other countries that share the values of freedom - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 11:21 Today Ukraine is fighting for its freedom and independence, but the success of our struggle depends not only on our state, but also on all countries of the civilized world. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for ABC News. "As for how much we can endure, a lot of things depend not only on us. We will endure. And even if they enter all the cities, there will be a guerrilla war. No one will give up our freedom and independence. Today it is here, tomorrow it will be the Baltic countries, the day after tomorrow - Poland, then - Germany," said the President of Ukraine. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, during a conversation with US President Joseph Biden, he discussed support for Ukraine in the sky. "We want parity in the sky, at least so that there is a balance. We cannot give the advantage only to the Russian Federation, because it bombs us, shoots us, throws bombs, launches missiles, combat helicopters, fighters, planes - many things. We do not do that because we do not have the sky, we do not control it," said the President. He noted that Ukraine had asked the United States and other countries to provide Soviet-made military aircraft based in Poland. "We have studied this issue, we know where these Soviet-made aircraft are located, in which countries. We asked them. And now a lot depends on the United States of America in this issue," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the US President could make additional efforts to resolve this issue. "I am convinced that the President can do more. I'm sure he can. And I want to believe that he is able to do it," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. He stressed that Ukraine today is a place of freedom in the heart of Europe, and our country needs protection of all countries that share such values. "It seems to everyone that we are far from America, from Canada or somewhere else. No. We are freedom. And when someone crosses the borders of these rights and freedoms, we must be protected. Because at first it will be us, and then it will be you. It is always like this. Appetite comes with eating and it is getting stronger," the President said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine