1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309031559/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=10 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine qualifies Russia's latest actions as a violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our state - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 February 2022 - 02:48 By its decisions to recognize the "independence" of the occupied districts of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, Russia is violating the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine and legalizing its troops in Donbas, which have been there since 2014. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an address following a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council. The National Security and Defense Council has been put into operation 24/7 - Oleksiy Danilov 21 February 2022 - 23:59 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held an urgent meeting of the National Security and Defense Council, at which representatives of the security and defense sector reported on the situation in Ukraine and at its state borders. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Slovakia 21 February 2022 - 17:29 The interlocutors exchanged views on the development of the current security situation around our country and in the east of the country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed Eduard Heger about the aggravation of the situation, in particular the intensification of provocative shelling of Ukrainian positions, settlements, Shchastya checkpoint and the UN humanitarian convoy by illegal armed groups. President of Ukraine held a number of bilateral meetings on the sidelines of the Munich Security Conference 20 February 2022 - 15:06 As part of his participation in the 58th Munich Security Conference, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a series of meetings with leaders of other states and international institutions. President of Ukraine and the First Lady honored the memory of the Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred 20 February 2022 - 10:52 The Head of State and his wife placed icon lamps near the cross at the site of the death of the Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred on Instytutska Street in the center of Kyiv. President held a meeting with the leadership of law enforcement agencies at Boryspil airport 19 February 2022 - 23:20 The President received up-to-date information from the intelligence services on the situation on the territory of Russia and Belarus along the Ukrainian border, as well as in the temporarily occupied territories of Crimea, Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukraine is well aware of what is happening on our borders and does not react to provocations - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 February 2022 - 20:56 Ukraine has been in a tense situation for many years, but today the risks have increased due to the significant concentration of Russian troops on our borders. However, the Ukrainian defense forces understand everything and do not react to provocations. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his participation in a panel discussion in the framework of the 58th Munich Security Conference. Ukraine initiates consultations in the framework of the Budapest Memorandum - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Munich Security Conference 19 February 2022 - 18:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy also proposed to convene a summit of permanent members of the UN Security Council in the coming weeks with the participation of Ukraine, Germany and Turkey in order to address security challenges in Europe and elaborate new, effective security guarantees for Ukraine, as long as it is not a member of NATO yet and in fact is in a “security vacuum”. Speech by the President of Ukraine at the 58th Munich Security Conference 19 February 2022 - 18:14 We will defend our land with or without the support of partners. Whether they give us hundreds of modern weapons or five thousand helmets. We appreciate any help, but everyone should understand that these are not charitable contributions that Ukraine should ask for or remind of. These are not noble gestures for which Ukraine should bow low. This is your contribution to the security of Europe and the world. Where Ukraine has been a reliable shield for eight years. And for eight years it has been rebuffing one of the world's biggest armies. Regarding the participation of the Head of State in the Munich Security Conference 19 February 2022 - 09:27 Today, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will pay a visit to Munich (Germany) to take part in the annual security conference and hold talks scheduled for this venue. The visit is planned to be dynamic, the return to Kyiv is today. 1 2 ... 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine