1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004025515/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=60 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – The 24th EU-Ukraine Summit takes place in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 16:17 The 24th EU-Ukraine Summit is underway in Kyiv with the participation of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the European Council Charles Michel and President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The European Commission will help Ukraine create a system of family-type children's homes 2 February 2023 - 16:09 "We have agreed with Mrs. Ursula that the European Commission will help us launch the reform of the system of care and protection of children who, unfortunately, do not have parental care," the Head of State noted. Further integration of Ukraine and the EU means strengthening the common European capabilities to protect life - President following the negotiations with Ursula von der Leyen in Kyiv 2 February 2023 - 15:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen, who is on a visit to Ukraine. Austria is a neutral state, yet it helps Ukraine as a defender of life and common values - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following a meeting with Alexander Van der Bellen 1 February 2023 - 18:43 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting in Kyiv with Federal President of the Republic of Austria Alexander Van der Bellen, who is on a visit to our country. In the framework of the meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and Austria in Kyiv, a number of documents in the fields of energy and environmental protection were signed 1 February 2023 - 18:21 In Kyiv, in the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Austria Alexander Van der Bellen, a number of documents of understanding in the fields of energy and environmental protection were signed. The enemy seeks revanche, but we are confident in our army and expect powerful decisions from partners - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 30 January 2023 - 21:14 Ukraine and our partners will do everything necessary to ensure that Russia's intentions to move to a new stage of offensive for the sake of revanche fail. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives following talks with Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen in Odesa. President of Ukraine: I believe that together with Denmark we will manage to bring peace and development back to Mykolaiv and the entire region 30 January 2023 - 20:58 Denmark had become one of the first partner countries to accept the offer of our state to take patronage over the reconstruction of Ukraine, particularly the city of Mykolaiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Mette Frederiksen's visit is a symbol of Denmark's unwavering and powerful support for Ukraine's struggle for freedom and common European values 30 January 2023 - 20:04 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen visited Odesa and held talks on key aspects of bilateral cooperation. In Mykolaiv, the Head of State and the Prime Minister of Denmark examined the infrastructure destroyed by the Russian aggressor 30 January 2023 - 14:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen visited Mykolaiv as part of Denmark’s patronage over the city's recovery. President held a meeting on the current situation in the Mykolaiv region 30 January 2023 - 14:01 The participants discussed the operational situation in the south of Ukraine and the consequences of Russia's missile and drone attacks. 1 2 ... 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine