6 captures 24 Aug 2020 - 12 Nov 2024 Apr MAY Jun 17 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220517100215/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mikolayivskij-aeroport-gotuyetsya-do-zapusku-novih-mizhnarod-62901 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine needs Ukrainian heroes alive - this is our principle - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 May 2022 - 00:22 View all videos n latest news Ukraine needs Ukrainian heroes alive - this is our principle - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 May 2022 - 00:17 Andriy Sybiha met with the Polish delegation 16 May 2022 - 23:34 We still do not know how many Ukrainian children died in the occupied territories - President 16 May 2022 - 22:29 Volodymyr Zelenskyy called on US academics to join the restoration of Ukrainian educational institutions affected by Russian aggression 16 May 2022 - 22:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with a delegation of the US Senate 14 May 2022 - 15:16 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Mykolaiv airport prepares to launch new international routes 21 August 2020 - 18:56 Finishing a working trip to the Mykolaiv region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy inspected the Mykolaiv international airport. Its head Fedor Barna showed the Head of State how the airport has changed since Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s last visit. In particular, the runway and engineering networks were reconstructed here, airport buildings and structures were repaired, etc. The work of the airport's production services is gradually being restored, special equipment is being updated - for aircraft maintenance, aviation security. Prior to quarantine, passenger traffic and the number of employees was increasing compared to previous years. The plans include reconstruction and technical re-equipment of radio equipment, light signaling equipment systems, overhaul of the airport complex. "We want to create normal conditions, make a comfortable airport. From the time of departure from Kyiv, people will actually be near the sea in half an hour," Fedor Barna said. The President commissioned Minister of Infrastructure Vladyslav Krykliy and the people's deputy Davyd Arakhamia to urgently work out the issue of providing the airport with the necessary equipment for full operation. "It must be done. Mykolaiv will have a comfortable and modern airport, increase passenger and freight traffic, improve services for tourists and passengers, which will help increase the investment attractiveness of the region. I am confident that such development will create new jobs and increase budget revenues," the President summed up. An urgent meeting was also held at the airport to expand the list of international routes. This will be done soon. "The strategy for the development of regional airports is a priority for us," Vladyslav Krykliy said. ph Working trip to the Mykolayiv region 21 August 2020 - 12:16 ph Working trip to the Mykolayiv region 21 August 2020 - 12:16 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine