3 captures 27 Jan 2024 - 13 Dec 2025 Dec JAN Feb 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240127063431/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-timoti-barrou-88509 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, we are initiating a new tool to communicate with entrepreneurs – the Ukrainian Economic Platform – address by the President of Ukraine 26 January 2024 - 21:01 View all videos n latest news Ukraine held another round of negotiations with France on a bilateral security agreement 26 January 2024 - 21:47 Today, we are initiating a new tool to communicate with entrepreneurs – the Ukrainian Economic Platform – address by the President of Ukraine 26 January 2024 - 21:00 Ukrainian startups supported by President of Ukraine's Fund participated in world's largest education conference Bett UK 2024 in London 26 January 2024 - 17:09 Olena Zelenska: High-quality school meals should help children withstand war trials 26 January 2024 - 13:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards on Unity Day of Ukraine 22 January 2024 - 18:49 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Timothy Barrow 23 January 2024 - 21:29 Pursuant to the instruction of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Timothy Barrow. As a follow-up to the dialogue between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak, Andriy Yermak and Timothy Barrow discussed preparations for a conference on joint defense production. The interlocutors also paid attention to the Agreement on Security Co-operation between Ukraine and the United Kingdom signed during the visit of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom to Ukraine. Timothy Barrow noted the unprecedented endorsement of this Agreement by the UK Parliament and political parties, which indicates the unequivocal support of the British people for this document. The Head of the President's Office thanked the Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom for participating in the meeting of national security advisers and foreign policy advisers on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula held in Davos. The parties discussed further cooperation in the implementation of the Formula. Andriy Yermak thanked King Charles III of the United Kingdom, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, both Houses of Parliament and the entire British society for their comprehensive support of Ukraine in its fight against the Russian aggressor. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine