4 captures 13 Nov 2023 - 17 Jul 2025 Oct NOV Dec 13 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231113112748/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dopomoga-ukrayini-sogodni-ne-lishe-poryatunok-ukrayinskoyi-n-86973 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia is preparing for winter, and Ukraine should focus on defense and response to terrorists – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 November 2023 - 20:45 View all videos n latest news Helping Ukraine today is not only about saving the Ukrainian nation, it is about protecting the entire free world - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with Ukrainian and Crimean Tatar communities in Washington 13 November 2023 - 09:11 Russia is preparing for winter, and Ukraine should focus on defense and response to terrorists – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 November 2023 - 20:44 Our defense and security forces will respond to the Russian army's strikes on Kherson and the villages of Kherson region – address by the President of Ukraine 11 November 2023 - 20:44 Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulates Poland on Independence Day during a video conference with Andrzej Duda 11 November 2023 - 15:16 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Presentation of credentials to President Volodymyr Zelenskyy by ambassadors of foreign countries to Ukraine 10 November 2023 - 19:45 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Helping Ukraine today is not only about saving the Ukrainian nation, it is about protecting the entire free world - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with Ukrainian and Crimean Tatar communities in Washington 13 November 2023 - 09:11 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak arrived on a working visit to the United States and met with representatives of the Ukrainian and Crimean Tatar communities at the Ukrainian House in Washington. In the course of the meeting, the Head of the President's Office spoke about the situation on the battlefield and Ukraine's needs for defense and financial assistance. “Much has already been achieved, but we still have several critical battles ahead. The outcome of the war will determine the fate of not only Ukrainians. The future of the peoples of the United States, Europe, and the entire humanity for decades to come depends on it,” Andriy Yermak said in his speech. He emphasized that the aggressor threatens democracies from the outside and is trying to destroy them from within through massive propaganda, influence on elections, cyberattacks etc. This can only be countered by the unity of the democratic world. “We must resist any attempts to split us. For its part, Ukraine is making every effort not only to overcome Russian military power but also to ensure unity,” Andriy Yermak said. In particular, he noted that despite the war, our country has accelerated its progress towards the EU and NATO, as evidenced by the Vilnius Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine and the European Commission's recommendation to start negotiations on EU membership. The Head of the President's Office thanked for the comprehensive support for our country provided by the Ukrainian and Crimean Tatar communities of the United States in this difficult time for Ukraine. “Helping Ukraine today is not just about saving the Ukrainian nation. It is the defense of all Europeans and Americans, the defense of the entire free world. And I would like to once again thank the American people, President Biden and the Congress, who understand this very well and support Ukraine,” he noted. Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude to all those who were engaged in volunteer activities, provided expert and advocacy support, negotiated with American medical institutions for the treatment of wounded Ukrainian soldiers and civilians, organized charity concerts, and spoke in the American media urging not to leave Ukraine alone in the fight against the Russian occupier. He also noted the many years of efforts by Ukrainian Americans to inform U.S. society about the Holodomor of 1932-1933 in Ukraine, the 90th anniversary of which is being commemorated this year, and contributed to the official recognition of the Holodomor as genocide of the Ukrainian people in many states. “Please continue to support Ukraine in its will for full NATO membership. Continue your advocacy in Congress and help us get additional funding for Ukraine approved. Continue to spread the truth about the Holodomor. All of this will benefit the entire democratic world,” Andriy Yermak added. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that the contribution of the Ukrainian and Crimean Tatar communities in the United States would have a significant role in Ukraine's victory. “Your expertise and experience are very important to us. Therefore, we are open to suggestions and ready for comprehensive cooperation,” he said. Andriy Yermak thanked the Ukrainian World Congress for its support and congratulated Paul Grod on his re-election as President of the organization. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine