1 capture 14 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214223149/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=14-02-2021&date-to=14-02-2022&page=9 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak arrived in Paris to take part in a meeting of advisers to the leaders of the Normandy format 26 January 2022 - 15:12 The Ukrainian delegation led by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy Yulia Svyrydenko arrived in France. Head of the President's Office met with leaders of Jewish organizations in foreign countries 25 January 2022 - 21:34 On the eve of the International Holocaust Remembrance Day, January 27, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the leaders of Jewish organizations in foreign countries. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of Azerbaijan 25 January 2022 - 15:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev. The heads of state commended the recent meeting in Kyiv and discussed topical issues on the agenda in the context of the development of specific projects of Ukrainian-Azerbaijani cooperation. The National Security and Defense Council chaired by the President considered the issue of ensuring national security from internal and external threats 24 January 2022 - 21:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council, during which reports of government officials on the situation in the security, economic, energy, medical and cyber defense sectors were heard. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the President of the European Council 24 January 2022 - 15:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the European Council Charles Michel. The main focus of the conversation was on the coordination of international political and diplomatic efforts to de-escalate the security situation around our country. The possibility of granting the right to purchase medicines under the "eSupport" program for people with disabilities of the first group is being considered - a conference call 24 January 2022 - 15:24 For the third week in a row, the number of new COVID-19 cases is growing in Ukraine, but thanks to vaccination the course of the disease is easier, and now almost half as many people are hospitalized compared to the peak incidence in autumn 2021. This was discussed at a conference call on countering the spread of COVID-19. Foreign intelligence plays an important role in countering threats - President of Ukraine 24 January 2022 - 12:11 Ukrainian intelligence has always played an important role in countering external threats. It is time not only to effectively restrain, but also to start offensive actions to defend the national interests of Ukraine. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with FIS officials on the occasion of Ukraine's Foreign Intelligence Day. In the presence of the President, traffic on the upper part of the new cable-stayed bridge across the Dnieper in Zaporizhzhia was launched 22 January 2022 - 16:26 During a working trip to the Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the launch of traffic on the upper part of the new cable-stayed bridge across the Dnieper River, which connects the island of Khortytsia with the center of Zaporizhzhia. In Zaporizhzhia, the Head of State joined the Living Chain flash mob on the occasion of the Day of Unity of Ukraine 22 January 2022 - 15:09 In Zaporizhzhia, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the Living Chain flash mob on the occasion of the Day of Unity of Ukraine. More than 1,500 people holding ribbons connected the banks of the Dnieper River through a newly built cable-stayed bridge, which symbolizes the unity of the Ukrainian state. Volodymyr Zelenskyy is on a working trip to Zaporizhzhia 22 January 2022 - 13:01 In Zaporizhzhia, the Head of State will take part in ceremonial events on the occasion of the Day of Unity of Ukraine. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ... 97 98 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine