1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031509/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=154 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska became a guest of the Queen Consort Camilla's reception organized on the Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women 30 November 2022 - 19:07 On the second day of her visit to Great Britain, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska became a guest of the Queen Consort of the United Kingdom Camilla organized on the occasion of the Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women. The Queen Consort is an active participant in campaigns against violence against women. Kyrylo Tymoshenko discussed with the management and members of the American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine the work of business in the conditions of war and related challenges 30 November 2022 - 15:44 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Kyrylo Tymoshenko held a meeting with President of the American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine (ACC) Andy Hunder and ACC Vice President Tetyana Prokopchuk. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 30 November 2022 - 10:03 Andriy Yermak informed the interlocutor about the operational situation on the frontline, as well as about the possible actions of Russia, which it is preparing in order to continue terror against the civilian population of Ukraine. First Lady Olena Zelenska addressed the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 29 November 2022 - 23:47 In her speech, the President's wife compared the bombing of Ukraine by the Russian aggressor to the bombing of Great Britain by the Nazis during World War II. For Russia to be held to account for aggression, a Special Tribunal is needed, and we are doing everything to create it - address by the President of Ukraine 29 November 2022 - 23:33 We are already cooperating with many countries and international organizations so that every Russian murderer receives the deserved punishment. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with singer Jamala on the eve of her trip to the USA to participate in public and cultural events 29 November 2022 - 20:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the Ukrainian singer and songwriter, the winner of the 2016 Eurovision Song Contest Jamala, who is going to the United States of America, where she will take part in cultural events and meet with high-ranking American officials. In London, the Olena Zelenska Foundation started raising funds for the restoration of the hospital in Izyum 29 November 2022 - 16:56 A presentation of the Olena Zelenska Foundation took place in London. The foundation deals with the most acute problems in Ukraine. Its activities are focused on three areas: assistance in rebuilding Ukrainian hospitals and ensuring access to medicine for every person, restoration of the educational process, overcoming humanitarian problems. Ukraine will become a role model of reconstruction - President addressed the General Assembly of the International Bureau of Expositions regarding the holding of Expo 2030 in Odesa 29 November 2022 - 15:13 The reconstruction of our country will become the most momentous economic, technological, and humanitarian project of our time. Olena Zelenska in London took part in the Conference on Preventing Sexual Violence in Conflict and met with representatives of the British government 29 November 2022 - 14:02 During her visit to Great Britain, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the Conference on Preventing Sexual Violence in Conflict (PSVI Conference). Volodymyr Zelenskyy and United24 ambassadors discussed further steps to support Ukraine, in particular fundraising for generators for hospitals 29 November 2022 - 12:20 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the ambassadors of the United24 fundraising platform initiated by him. The meeting was dedicated to the further unification of efforts to support our country and its citizens during the full-scale Russian aggression. 1 2 ... 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine