1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072151/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=59 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Kristalina Georgieva 28 July 2021 - 23:41 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Kristalina Georgieva for supporting Ukraine in the difficult year of the pandemic: "The $ 2.1 billion tranche we received helped us support people, SMEs, our medical industry during several lockdown periods". Roman Mashovets and the US Defense Attaché discussed preparations for the visit of the President of Ukraine to the United States 28 July 2021 - 22:02 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets discussed with US Defense Attaché Brittany Stewart and other representatives of the US Embassy the course of defense reforms in Ukraine and preparations for the Ukrainian President's visit to the United States. Regarding the change of the Chief of the General Staff of the AFU, the Commander of the Air Assault Troops of the AFU and the Commander of the JFO 28 July 2021 - 21:11 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has decided to change the Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, the Commander of the Air Assault Troops of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the Commander of the Joint Forces Operation. Accordingly, Serhiy Korniychuk, Yevhen Moysiuk and Volodymyr Kravchenko have been dismissed. Serhiy Shaptala has been appointed Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, and Oleksandr Pavliuk has been appointed Commander of the Joint Forces Operation. Head of State: I believe that today Ukraine is ready to receive the next IMF tranche 28 July 2021 - 13:54 Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that almost all structural beacons were fulfilled by the Ukrainian state. There are still some specific things related to the state budget that need to be agreed at the middle level of the negotiators. The issue of tariffs for the population will be considered at the next meeting of the National Security and Defense Council - President 28 July 2021 - 13:14 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy addressed the National Security and Defense Council with an initiative to consider the issue of electricity and gas tariffs for the population at the next meeting. The President made this statement during an interview in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Decentralization", which is taking place in Kyiv. Settling the issue of Donbas depends not on decentralization, but on the desire of Russia and pressure of Ukraine’ international partners on it - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 July 2021 - 12:18 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy believes that the issue of ending the war in Donbas and returning the temporarily occupied territories depends not on the reform of local self-government in Ukraine, but on the position of the Russian Federation and support for our state by international partners, including Normandy format participants. Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the All-Ukrainian Forum: Decentralization is one of the most successful reforms being implemented in Ukraine 28 July 2021 - 11:37 After the completion of the second stage of decentralization in Ukraine, it is necessary to conduct a detailed audit and correct mistakes and miscalculations. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Decentralization", which is taking place in Kyiv. "Ukraine. Kyivan Rus’. 1033” Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Day of Christianization of Kyivan Rus’ - Ukraine 28 July 2021 - 10:35 Kyivan Rus’ is the mother of our history. 24 regions of Ukraine and the Crimean peninsula are her own children. And they are rightfully her heirs. And cousins and very distant relatives should not encroach on her legacy. They should not try to prove their involvement in the history of thousands of years and thousands of events, being from the places where they took place thousands of kilometers away. The state has an opportunity to increase assistance to the citizens who need it - President 27 July 2021 - 21:00 On the initiative of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Cabinet of Ministers will soon develop a mechanism for paying cash benefits to children from large families belonging to the low-income category within the preparation for the new school year. Over the year of the ceasefire in the Donbas, the number of shelling occasions and deaths has halved, the Head of State is doing everything to establish peace in eastern Ukraine - Press Secretary of the President 27 July 2021 - 19:36 Since July 27, 2020, when the agreement on the establishment of a full and comprehensive ceasefire in the Donbas came into force, the number of shelling occasions and deaths among the Ukrainian military in eastern Ukraine has halved, and the number of wounded has reduced more than thrice. This was emphasized by Press Secretary of the President of Ukraine Serhiy Nykyforov during a briefing on Tuesday. 1 2 ... 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine