7 captures 31 May 2023 - 13 Jul 2025 Apr MAY Jun 31 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230531005601/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/koordinaciya-domovlenostej-prezidenta-ukrayini-vidbulasya-vi-83249 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We continue consolidating partners to make Ukrainian air defense as effective as possible – address by the President of Ukraine 30 May 2023 - 22:11 View all videos n latest news Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: online meeting with representatives of the Office of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom took place in the Office of the President of Ukraine 30 May 2023 - 22:21 We continue consolidating partners to make Ukrainian air defense as effective as possible – address by the President of Ukraine 30 May 2023 - 22:11 Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: video call with representatives of political and security leadership of Poland took place 30 May 2023 - 21:37 Ihor Zhovkva participated in the 18th GLOBSEC-2023 International Security Forum 30 May 2023 - 20:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the Day of the SSSCIP 25 May 2023 - 13:33 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: video call with representatives of political and security leadership of Poland took place 30 May 2023 - 21:37 On behalf of the President of Ukraine and in order to coordinate the implementation of the agreements reached during Volodymyr Zelenskyy's official visit to the Republic of Poland in early April, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak, together with other members of the President's and government's team, held a scheduled video call with Secretary of State - Head of the International Policy Bureau at the Presidential Chancellery of the Republic of Poland Marcin Przydacz. The meeting was also attended by Deputy Heads of the Presidential Office Roman Mashovets, Ihor Zhovkva, Andriy Sybiha, Deputy Foreign Minister Yevhen Perebyinis, First Deputy Minister of Defense Lieutenant General Oleksandr Pavliuk, Deputy Ministers of Defense Oleksandr Polishchuk and Volodymyr Havrylov, First Deputy Minister for Strategic Industries Oleh Mozhnyi and others. The Polish side was represented by Secretary of State, Head of the National Security Bureau of the Republic of Poland Jacek Siewiera, and Minister-Member of the Council of Ministers of Poland Michał Dworczyk. Andriy Yermak thanked for the effective support of the President and the Government of Poland in strengthening Ukraine's defense capabilities. He also emphasized the importance of Poland's leadership in promoting Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic aspirations. The Polish delegation was briefed on the current challenges facing our country due to the Russian invasion, the current situation at the front, the actions of the Russian occupiers, and Russia's missile attacks on civilian infrastructure and Ukrainian citizens. The Ukrainian side emphasized that Western air defense systems are critical for reliable protection against enemy ballistic missile attacks. Representatives of the Office of the President and the Ukrainian Defense Forces discussed with the Polish delegation the state of bilateral cooperation in the field of defense support for the Armed Forces of Ukraine. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva outlined the expectations of the Ukrainian side from the NATO Summit in Vilnius to be held in July. It was noted that Ukraine expects the allies to agree on a clear algorithm for Ukraine's movement towards NATO. Andriy Yermak also outlined in detail the Ukrainian side's vision of security guarantees for Ukraine on its way to the Alliance and emphasized the importance of the most ambitious and concrete decisions of the NATO Summit in Vilnius. During the meeting, the parties exchanged views on further steps to implement the Peace Formula of the President of Ukraine and prepare for the Global Peace Summit. The Polish side was briefed on the results of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's participation in the summits of the Arab League and the Group of Seven. "Ukraine will never compromise on its territories. No negotiations with Russia are possible until it withdraws its troops from the territory of Ukraine," the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. Following the meeting, the parties agreed to continue close coordination and cooperation between Ukraine and Poland in order to strengthen our country's capabilities in protecting its sovereignty and territorial integrity. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine