1 capture 25 Jul 2024 Jun JUL Aug 25 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240725014240/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-05-2023&date-to=24-05-2024&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Will Get Everything It Needs to Withstand and Achieve Its Goals – Address by the President 24 July 2024 - 20:04 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the United Kingdom 18 July 2024 - 12:39 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Global Peace Summit: France and South Korea Have Confirmed Their Participation 14 May 2024 - 16:53 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held telephone conversations with the President of France Emmanuel Macron and the President of the Republic of Korea Yoon Suk Yeol and invited them to the Global Peace Summit. Both countries have confirmed their participation. President of Ukraine Met with U.S. Secretary of State 14 May 2024 - 15:09 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Kyiv. The meeting was also attended by U.S. Special Representative for Ukraine's Economic Recovery Penny Pritzker, who is a member of the American delegation. NATO Membership Is a Guarantee of Peace and Security for Ukraine and the World: Rasmussen-Yermak International Task Force Published an Official Report 14 May 2024 - 15:00 The International Task Force on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine, co-chaired by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen, has published a report with a rationale for the necessity of Ukraine's future membership in NATO and concrete proposals for it. The Presidential Office Hosted a Meeting with Members of the UK Parliament from the Opposition Labour Party 14 May 2024 - 10:41 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with members of the UK Parliament from the opposition Labour Party: Shadow Secretary of State for Defence John Healey and Shadow Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs David Lammy. Andriy Yermak Urged Heads and Other Representatives of Foreign Universities to Spread Information about the Global Peace Summit 14 May 2024 - 09:33 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held an online meeting with heads and other representatives of about 40 foreign universities that cooperate with Ukrainian higher education institutions. Andriy Yermak Urged UNITED24 Ambassadors to Support the Global Peace Summit 14 May 2024 - 09:14 He thanked the ambassadors for supporting Ukraine from the first days of the full-scale Russian invasion and spoke about the preparations for the Global Peace Summit. Kharkiv Is a Strategic City; We Need Timely Assistance from the United States – Andriy Yermak 13 May 2024 - 22:41 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Michael Carpenter, Senior Director for Europe at the U.S. National Security Council. Olena Zelenska Met with the President and First Lady of Serbia 13 May 2024 - 22:36 The First Lady of Ukraine met with President Aleksandar Vučić and First Lady Tamara Vučić during her visit to Serbia to participate in the Mental Health Conference. Security Situation and Decentralization: Presidential Office Hosted a Meeting with Alexander Soros 13 May 2024 - 22:02 Oleksiy Kuleba spoke in detail about the current security situation in Ukraine. Over the past week alone, Russia has fired more than 600 times at our cities and regions. First Lady of Ukraine Participated in the Conference on Mental Health in Serbia 13 May 2024 - 21:38 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska opened the Mental Health Conference during her visit to Belgrade, Serbia. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 189 190 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine