9 captures 19 Oct 2021 - 09 Oct 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071636/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-vijskovim-liceyistam-sogodni-na-hortici-narod-71089 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President addressed military lyceum students: Today on Khortytsia future defenders of Ukraine are born 14 October 2021 - 14:36 During a working trip to the Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in ceremonial events on the occasion of the Day of Defenders of Ukraine and the solemn oath-taking ceremony of a military lyceum students, which took place on the island of Khortytsia. "You were born and raised in independent Ukraine. You have never had another homeland under another name. You had no other flag than the blue and yellow flag. No other anthem . And that is why you are here today," the Head of State said, addressing military lyceum students. The President noted that in 2014, when the Russian aggression and the war in eastern Ukraine began, those who take the oath of a military lyceum student today were seven or eight years old. "You were in the second grade. You were very young boys who watched TV every night. But not blockbusters or cartoons. You’ve been waiting, like each of us, for the news from the east of our country. Yes, many of you had a father or older brother, a godfather, an uncle, a neighbor there. But the fact that you are now standing here, preparing to take the oath of a lyceum student, study and later become officers and defenders of Ukraine, means one thing: in 2014, near the TV screens, even then, despite the fact that you were eight years old, each of you made a choice," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that today he sees men, not children and schoolchildren, in front of him. And although they still have to master many nuances of military affairs, learn to shoot well, fight, endure pain, they already have the main thing - the courage and strength he sees in the war zone in eastern Ukraine, communicating with the defenders of our homeland. Addressing the lyceum students, the President said that today, on October 14, they are born as future defenders of Ukraine. "You represent three different institutions: lyceums of Zaporizhzhia, Kryvyi Rih and Luhansk. Each of them has its story, success, reasons for pride, reasons for tears. But what you have in common - and this has been so for decades - is your values expressed in the traditional slogan of lyceum students: State. Honor. Courage," he stressed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that today they take an oath in a unique place - the Khortytsia natural and historical complex, which has a sacred significance for every Ukrainian. "For many centuries, Khortytsia has been a kind of outpost in the fight against various enemies. It was here that the invincible spirit of the Cossacks was born and forged, which even today helps us fight the enemy. Today, the future elite of the national Ukrainian army is being educated on the traditions and values of the Ukrainian Cossacks,” the President said. The Head of State said that there is a famous 700-year-old oak not far from Khortytsia, near which, according to the legend, Hetman Bohdan Khmelnytsky gathered an army, and the famous Koshovyi Otaman Ivan Sirko and other Cossacks wrote a letter to the Turkish sultan. This oak survived a strong wind that broke its branches, it was struck by lightning, but it withstood everything and still stands. "It's a symbol that you can never give up. And although today, unfortunately, the guys from the Luhansk military lyceum cannot return to their hometown, to the Ukrainian Luhansk, and to their alma mater, which was destroyed in 2014, we know for sure - it's temporary. And one day you will all gather together in the rebuilt Luhansk military lyceum, in times of peace in our country, under the blue and yellow flag of Ukraine, and remember this day. And be sure to plant an oak sprout from Khortytsia. And you will gather together every year after graduation. Without losses. In the same squad. Or bigger - together with your parents or already together with your children. Telling how you started the path of the defender of Ukraine," the President wished the lyceum students. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that Ukraine is a state that does not encroach on others' property, but protects and always returns its own. “And so that, recalling the war in eastern Ukraine, the war in Donbas, we could all finally say: "It seems that it was so long ago… It seems that it was not with us". But no. We understand: this is not a dream. This is our life. This is our Ukrainian history. This is our challenge. And we have to overcome it. To finally say - peace has come. Donbas and Crimea are Ukraine again. And all this is not a dream. All this is a reality," he said. The President of Ukraine also presented battle flags and awarded honorary titles to military units of the Armed Forces, other military formations and law enforcement agencies. v Videos ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia region 14 October 2021 - 12:42 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia region 14 October 2021 - 12:42 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine