9 captures 29 May 2023 - 18 Jul 2025 Apr MAY Jun 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230529132006/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-spravedlivist-potribna-ne-lishe-ukrayini-j-us-82953 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kyiv and all our cities, the whole of Ukraine will put an end to the history of Moscow's despotism – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 May 2023 - 19:09 View all videos n latest news Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Acting Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Montenegro 29 May 2023 - 11:01 The support we received at the G7 Summit in Hiroshima makes it possible to look to the future with confidence on the way to victory - Andriy Yermak in an interview with the Japanese TV channel NHK 28 May 2023 - 20:15 Kyiv and all our cities, the whole of Ukraine will put an end to the history of Moscow's despotism – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 May 2023 - 19:05 Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: online meeting with representatives of the military and political leadership of the Netherlands took place in the Office of the President 28 May 2023 - 17:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the Day of the SSSCIP 25 May 2023 - 13:33 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska: Justice is needed not only for Ukraine, but also for all countries that want to live in peace 17 May 2023 - 18:34 As part of her visit to the Republic of Korea, First Lady Olena Zelenska met with Minister of Foreign Affairs Park Jin. The meeting was also attended by Yulia Svyrydenko, First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine, Rostyslav Shurma, Deputy Head of the Presidential Office, and Dmytro Ponomarenko, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine to the Republic of Korea. Olena Zelenska thanked the government of the Republic of Korea for supporting the Peace Formula of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and condemning the abduction of Ukrainian children by Russia. She emphasized the urgent needs of the country, including humanitarian demining. "About 30% of Ukraine's territory (more than 174,000 square kilometers) has been affected by hostilities. Therefore, ahead of Afghanistan and Syria, our country is now the most mine contaminated in the world. Every day our sappers and rescuers neutralize the traps left by the enemy. On May 6 alone, we lost six pyrotechnics of the State Emergency Service in the Kherson region... We hope for the assistance of the Government of the Republic of Korea in meeting the priority needs for demining vehicles and protective equipment," she said. As a result of the talks, the First Lady said, the Korean side is ready to provide demining vehicles and mobile X-ray machines for Ukraine. The President's wife expressed hope that a special tribunal would be established to bring the Russian leadership to justice for starting the war. "Justice is needed not only for Ukraine, but also for all countries that want to live in peace," the First Lady emphasized. In addition, Olena Zelenska met with Mayor Oh Se-hoon at Seoul City Hall. In the presence of the First Lady and Mayor Oh Se-hoon, a Memorandum of Cooperation was signed between the Embassy of Ukraine in the Republic of Korea and the Seoul City Hall to promote cultural and artistic exchanges, in particular, the implementation of a project to introduce a Ukrainian-language audio guide at the Sejong Art Center. The museum is dedicated to Sejong the Great, the fourth king of the Joseon Dynasty in 1418-1450, who is considered the creator of the Korean script. The complex also houses the country's largest theater, the Art Forum Gallery, the Seoul Opera, and traditional arts groups. "We have signed a Memorandum of Understanding to create the first Ukrainian-language audio guide in the Republic of Korea, which we plan to launch in the complex this year, immediately after its renovation. Ukrainians will be able to hear in their native language and discover the ancient and rich culture of the Republic of Korea. To date, we have already launched 63 audio guides in 39 countries. The Republic of Korea will be the 40th country," said Olena Zelenska. At the same time, a concert by the academic orchestra of the Dmytro Hnatiuk Chernivtsi Philharmonic was held to introduce Ukraine's culture as part of the Asian Leadership Conference in Seoul. Among others, former British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, former Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett, former Australian Prime Minister John Howard, and American politician Mark Peter Begich attended the concert. "The Chernivtsi Philharmonic Orchestra was one of the first to give concerts in a bomb shelter at the beginning of the full-scale invasion. Many of its musicians have joined the ranks of the Ukrainian Armed Forces, but the orchestra is a regular participant in charity events in support of Ukraine, which it organizes together with colleagues from Kharkiv, Chernihiv, Luhansk, and Kherson. Through music and culture, we, the people, hear and understand each other better. Therefore, Ukrainian music is played for people to hear and understand Ukraine," Olena Zelenska said. v Videos ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the Republic of Korea 16 May 2023 - 18:06 ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the Republic of Korea 16 May 2023 - 18:06 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine