1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033138/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=101 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Address of the President of Ukraine to the graduates of the Institute of the Navy of the National University "Odessa Maritime Academy" 25 March 2023 - 11:31 Thank you for protecting our state in the maritime defense sector – in the Ukrainian Navy and the coastguard of the State Border Guard Service. The enemy must know: Ukraine won't forgive offenses against our people, won't forgive these deaths and injuries – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 March 2023 - 20:10 All Russian terrorists will be defeated. Thanks to everyone who brings the Ukrainian victory closer! Glory to everyone who is fighting for Ukraine! Head of Office of Ukraine's President holds meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania 24 March 2023 - 19:26 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania Gabrielius Landsbergis. President of Ukraine held a meeting with the delegation of the World Bank 24 March 2023 - 17:09 The Head of State thanked the World Bank for the unprecedented support provided to Ukraine during the full-scale Russian invasion. The President took part in the festivities on the occasion of the anniversary of the Security Service of Ukraine and awarded employees of the special service 24 March 2023 - 14:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the festivities on the occasion of the 31st anniversary of the Security Service of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to the Security Service servicemen. The National Guard has become one of the key elements of the defense system of our country, which prevent the enemy from conquering Ukraine - the President during the participation in the graduation of young officers 24 March 2023 - 13:14 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the festivities marking the 9th anniversary of the National Guard of Ukraine and the graduation of officers of the National Academy of the National Guard of Ukraine and the Kyiv Institute of the National Guard of Ukraine. The leadership of the President's Office and international experts discussed the model of the future tax refor 24 March 2023 - 10:06 Under the patronage of the Office of the President of Ukraine and with the participation of international experts, the Ukrainian tax reform and anti-corruption summit was held, dedicated to discussing the configuration of the future tax reform. How are you? As part of Olena Zelenska's initiative, Ukrainians will be told about the importance of taking care of mental health 24 March 2023 - 09:43 Taking care of mental health should become a daily habit for Ukrainians. The communication campaign launched as part of the All-Ukrainian mental health program initiated by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska is intended to be a guide on this path. In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:34 Today I was in one of the largest such villages - Posad-Pokrovske. Once one of the largest, before the invasion of Russia. And we will do everything to make this village one of the largest again - we will do everything to rebuild our territories. I am grateful to everyone who helps restore the normality of life after the Russian evil. President of Ukraine spoke in an online format at a meeting of the European Council and told five key reasons protracting the war and pushing peace further away 23 March 2023 - 20:48 The President emphasized that if there are no delays or stagnation in Ukraine-Europe cooperation, if joint efforts are resolutely focused on Ukraine's victory, the victory will be gained already this year. 1 2 ... 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine