2 captures 21 Jul 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Jun JUL Aug 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230721013555/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-proviv-zustrich-iz-golovoyu-predstavnictva-nato-84401 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos People should feel that budget resources are used fairly and properly - address by the President of Ukraine 20 July 2023 - 22:40 View all videos n latest news People should feel that budget resources are used fairly and properly - address by the President of Ukraine 20 July 2023 - 22:38 Oleg Tatarov discussed with EU representatives a comprehensive strategic plan for reforming law enforcement agencies in Ukraine 20 July 2023 - 21:35 Ihor Zhovkva met with President of Eurochambres Vladimír Dlouhý 20 July 2023 - 21:03 If Ukraine is unable to use its seaports and food corridors, it will be a disaster for the whole world - Oleg Ustenko 20 July 2023 - 20:12 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Taoiseach of Ireland in Kyiv 19 July 2023 - 15:34 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva met with the Head of the NATO Mission in Ukraine 18 July 2023 - 20:26 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Head of the NATO Mission in Ukraine Karen McTear. The interlocutors discussed the main results of the NATO Summit in Vilnius in the context of Ukraine's interests and coordinated further steps to implement the relevant decisions taken in Vilnius. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office emphasized the need to ensure active work of the new NATO-Ukraine Council after its first meeting held at the highest level in the framework of the NATO Summit. The parties also exchanged views on the modalities of the adapted Annual National Programme. Ihor Zhovkva emphasized that the Ukrainian side is committed to intensive cooperation with NATO and is ready to do everything necessary to achieve maximum progress on our country's path to NATO membership by the next NATO Summit in Washington. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine