6 captures 12 Aug 2022 - 21 May 2025 Jul AUG Sep 12 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220812202612/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=28-06-2021&date-to=28-06-2022&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Only the complete withdrawal of Russians from the Zaporizhzhia NPP guarantees the restoration of nuclear safety for the whole of Europe - address by the President of Ukraine 11 August 2022 - 22:56 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of Youth Day 12 August 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – No Russian missiles, no strikes can break the morale of Ukrainians - address by the President of Ukraine 25 June 2022 - 22:45 If there are more than 20 thousand of those whose feat has already been awarded, what kind of missiles can anyone in Russia hope for? What artillery, what mines can help the occupiers, if they are really opposed by mass people’s resistance? First Lady Olena Zelenska told the French media about Ukraine's resistance to Russian aggression 25 June 2022 - 16:48 Wife of the President of Ukraine Olena Zelenska spoke to journalists of the popular TV program C à vous aired on France 5 TV channel and the leading French newspaper Le Monde founded by Charles de Gaulle in 1944. Ukraine became a candidate for EU membership, Georgia is on this path – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the "Home, to Europe" rally in Tbilisi 25 June 2022 - 00:25 Act! We will help you! Ukraine has gained the status of a candidate for the EU membership - it did not fall from the sky, so let’s be proud of it - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 June 2022 - 23:23 Let's talk at least for a moment not about what awaits us, but about what we managed to do. Because, forgetting about it, we underestimate the significance of this step. Share the feeling of freedom, spread the truth about Russia’s war, help Ukrainians – address by the President of Ukraine to the Glastonbury Festival participants 24 June 2022 - 19:30 Glastonbury is the greatest concentration of freedom these days. And I ask you to share this feeling with everyone whose freedom is under attack. The West should complement the sanctions policy by setting limits on the price that Russia receives per barrel of oil - Oleg Ustenko and German Galushchenko 24 June 2022 - 15:48 The European Union, the United States and other partners in Ukraine must complete the strengthening of sanctions against the Russian Federation by imposing a limit on the price of seaborne crude oil, which still brings income to the Russian military machine. This is stated in a joint article by President's Adviser on Economic Affairs Oleg Ustenko and Minister of Energy German Galushchenko for the international media organization Project Syndicate. Officially recognized: Ukraine is a future equal partner for 27 EU countries - address by the President, the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada and the Prime Minister 24 June 2022 - 09:37 We have chosen the path. And that is why this decision of the EU is so important, motivates us and shows: all this is needed not only by us. Having declared our desire to go to the EU, today we finally heard clearly: we are waiting for you! You are welcome! We want to see you as a full member of our family. This is the biggest step towards strengthening Europe that could be taken right now – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the EU Summit after granting Ukraine the status of a candidate for membership 23 June 2022 - 22:26 Today, I would like to reaffirm that Ukraine is capable of becoming a full-fledged member of the European Union. Ukraine will build a European liberalized state, but with strong protection like the Israeli one - President during a meeting with professors and students of Israeli universities 23 June 2022 - 16:24 After the victory in the great war started by Russia, Ukraine will build a European state with significant liberalization of many spheres and processes, but with a powerful security and defense system like the Israeli one. The President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said this during a conversation with students and professors of leading Israeli educational institutions. Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the community of major educational institutions of Israel 23 June 2022 - 15:35 I have nothing to say about most items of the necessary assistance from Israel to Ukraine, but the future relations between our states are important to me, so I speak frankly. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 129 130 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine