2 captures 14 Mar 2022 - 14 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220314060730/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=12-03-2021&date-to=12-03-2022&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will win thanks to our ability to unite and always care for our people - address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 March 2022 - 00:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery President paid a visit to the wounded defenders of Ukraine undergoing treatment at a military hospital 13 March 2022 - 17:20 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Increase sanctions against the terrorist state. Recognize it as a terrorist state finally. Find a way to make our Ukrainian sky safe. Do what you can. Do what you have to. Do what the greatness of your state and your people obliges to. Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Ukraine is ready to hold a dialogue with Russia on security guarantees, on the future of the occupied territories of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, Crimea, but is not ready to capitulate. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for ABC News. In the leading capitals, humanity must overcome fear and benefits, and then the Ukrainian sky will be safe, and the cities will be unblocked - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 12:23 Russia has not lost as much aircraft in the past 30 years as in these 13 days in Ukraine. But they still have enough machinery to kill. There are still enough missiles for terror. Ukraine's struggle for freedom depends not only on us, but also on other countries that share the values of freedom - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 11:21 Today Ukraine is fighting for its freedom and independence, but the success of our struggle depends not only on our state, but also on all countries of the civilized world. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for ABC News. Iryna Vereshchuk: We urge the Russian side to adhere to the agreed and documented route of the humanitarian corridor from Sumy 8 March 2022 - 11:14 Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Iryna Vereshchuk informed that the functioning of the humanitarian corridor from Sumy affected by the shelling of the Russian troops had been agreed on as of today. Every day of resistance creates better conditions for Ukraine in the negotiations to guarantee our future in peace - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 23:42 In the south of our country, such a national movement has unfolded, such a powerful manifestation of Ukrainianness that we have never seen in the streets and squares there. And for Russia it is like a nightmare. Ukrainian and Russian delegations clarified details of functioning of humanitarian corridors - Mykhailo Podoliak 7 March 2022 - 20:53 "We have received some positive results in terms of logistics of humanitarian corridors. They will be amended, and we will receive more effective assistance to people who are currently suffering from the aggression of the Russian Federation," he said. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy received the Ronald Reagan Freedom Award 7 March 2022 - 20:41 Frederick Ryan stressed that this high award honors the leadership of the President of Ukraine and the steadfastness of millions of Ukrainians who defend their right to choose their own future and inspire the entire civilized world to fight for the values of freedom and democracy to which Ronald Reagan dedicated his life. A bot was created to help children in difficult circumstances during the war 7 March 2022 - 16:06 The Office of the President of Ukraine together with UNICEF and the Ministry of Social Policy have created a bot "Child is not alone" to help minors in difficult situations in wartime. The future of the continent is being decided by us with our resistance and by our friends with their help - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 12:01 Peaceful people of a belligerent state! We have been defending ourselves against the invasion for 12 days already. We never wanted this war. But it was brought to us. We never dreamed of killing. But we have to knock out the enemy. From our land and from our lives. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 102 103 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine