8 captures 06 May 2023 - 15 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230506013857/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zustrivsya-z-delegaciyeyu-venecianskoyi-komis-82717 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are doing everything so that the world hears Ukraine, understands and helps our state – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 May 2023 - 20:27 View all videos n latest news President holds meeting with world's largest investment company on creation of fund for rebuilding Ukraine 5 May 2023 - 22:08 Olena Zelenska, Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal visit Ukrainian troops undergoing training in UK 5 May 2023 - 21:57 President meets with delegation of Venice Commission 5 May 2023 - 21:01 We are doing everything so that the world hears Ukraine, understands and helps our state – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 May 2023 - 20:27 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Official visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of the Netherlands 4 May 2023 - 12:38 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President meets with delegation of Venice Commission 5 May 2023 - 21:01 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with a delegation of the European Commission for Democracy through Law (the Venice Commission) led by President of the Commission Claire Bazy Malaurie, who is visiting our country. The Head of State thanked the delegation for the visit at this difficult time and for fruitful cooperation between Ukraine and the Venice Commission in various areas of improving Ukrainian legislation. The President separately expressed gratitude for the important assistance of the Venice Commission in implementing European integration reforms within the framework of our country's implementation of the European Commission's recommendations related to granting Ukraine the EU candidate status. At the meeting, the issue of preparation and implementation of legislation related to the procedures for selecting candidates for the post of judge of the Constitutional Court of Ukraine was discussed. "For the first time, Ukraine is introducing a competitive procedure for the selection of judges of the Constitutional Court. It is a historic reform that was not even discussed under any other President. We are fully aware of the great responsibility that rests on us for holding a fair and transparent competition. It is what the Ukrainian people expect and demand," Zelenskyy said. He expressed hope for support from the Venice Commission on this path and confidence in the successful reform of the Constitutional Court. Laws on de-oligarchization and on national minorities were also discussed at the meeting. The Head of State confirmed Ukraine's readiness to continue close cooperation with the Venice Commission to ensure effective reforms in line with European standards. "In general, we are moving in one direction – reforms and victory in any case," the President said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine