6 captures 31 Mar 2024 - 06 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 31 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240331160445/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ce-vijna-za-pravo-na-isnuvannya-dlya-nashoyi-derzhavi-za-gid-89965 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, we honor the strength of everyone who has withstood, who is fighting and working, and will surely bring freedom to our entire land – address by the President of Ukraine 31 March 2024 - 18:10 View all videos n latest news Today, we honor the strength of everyone who has withstood, who is fighting and working, and will surely bring freedom to our entire land – address by the President of Ukraine 31 March 2024 - 18:06 Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the raising of the flag of Ukraine at the Memorial to the Defenders of the Bucha Community and presented awards 31 March 2024 - 16:29 This is a war for the right to exist for our state, for dignity for our people and for every nation that seeks its own destiny – speech by the President of Ukraine on the second anniversary of the liberation of Kyiv region from Russian occupiers 31 March 2024 - 15:57 In Bucha, Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of Ukrainians killed by Russian invaders during the occupation of Kyiv region 31 March 2024 - 14:36 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President takes part in events on the second anniversary of the liberation of Kyiv region from Russian occupiers 31 March 2024 - 15:55 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches This is a war for the right to exist for our state, for dignity for our people and for every nation that seeks its own destiny – speech by the President of Ukraine on the second anniversary of the liberation of Kyiv region from Russian occupiers 31 March 2024 - 15:57 Glory to Ukraine! Dear Ukrainians! And everyone who stands with Ukraine! Two years ago, the whole world saw the true meaning of our battle here in Ukraine. Everyone for whom it was, unfortunately, just "another war" saw it. They saw what kind of war it is. That Ukraine is defending not only its state border and sovereignty. For us, this is a war to defend Ukraine and everything that makes people human. That is why this war is of global significance. This is a war for the right to exist for our state and, at the same time, for the right to life for every person. It is a war for dignity for our people and for every nation that seeks its own destiny. This is a war so that no one dares to become a beast towards others. When our warriors drove Russia out of Bucha, Irpin, Borodyanka, the entire Kyiv region, and then Sumy and Chernihiv regions, everyone could see that these were victories not only of Ukrainian courage and weapons, but also of human morality. Ukrainians then began to restore normal life wherever Russia had brought death and torture, looting and sadism. And our people killed by the occupiers, whose bodies were on the streets of Bucha, were evidence that no one in the world should stay away from this battle. Because it is here, in Ukraine, defending our people, our lives, our state, that humanity is prevailing. To unleash such aggressions against others, Russia first destroyed its own morality and made violence and hatred its ideology. Such systems don't just stop. Force stops them. Unity stops them. Determination and understanding what exactly they want to destroy stops them. I am proud of everyone who dedicates their lives to ensuring that the life of our entire Ukraine is preserved. I thank everyone in the world who really helps us. And may the whole world never forget the cost of this battle and the evil we are holding back here on our land. Let us now observe a minute of silence in memory of all our people whose lives were taken by the occupiers. Thank you. Glory to our strong people, our warriors! Glory to all who defend humanity and life! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos ph President takes part in events on the second anniversary of the liberation of Kyiv region from Russian occupiers 31 March 2024 - 15:55 ph President takes part in events on the second anniversary of the liberation of Kyiv region from Russian occupiers 31 March 2024 - 15:55 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine