1 capture 27 Sep 2024 Aug SEP Oct 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240927142758/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-09-2023&date-to=25-09-2024&page=184 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Can Be No Just Peace Without Ukraine - Speech of the President at the UN General Assembly 25 September 2024 - 18:48 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President meets with Secretary of State for Defenсe of the United Kingdom 28 September 2023 - 08:20 The interlocutors discussed the issue of bolstering Ukraine's air defence, which is particularly important in the run-up to the winter season. Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to actor Mark Strong, who became a United24 ambassador 27 September 2023 - 22:29 For his part, Mark Strong noted that he was honored to become the voice of Ukrainian children in the world to help them have a better future. Our warriors need more means of Russian missiles, combat drones and aircraft destruction – address by the President of Ukraine 27 September 2023 - 22:25 No matter what happens in the world, no matter what the external conditions are, we must remember that it is only our conditions, our internal attitude to Ukraine, to freedom, to our goals, that will determine when we will achieve our goal. The main goal – Ukraine's victory. President received letters of credence from the newly appointed ambassadors of Estonia, Slovenia, Hungary and the EU 27 September 2023 - 21:35 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy received letters of credence from the newly appointed Ambassador of the Estonian Republic to Ukraine Annely Kolk, Ambassador of the Republic of Slovenia to Ukraine Mateja Prevolšek, Ambassador of Hungary to Ukraine Antal Heizer and EU Ambassador to Ukraine Katarina Mathernova. President of Ukraine received letters of credence from the newly appointed ambassadors of France, Great Britain and Canada 27 September 2023 - 21:12 The ceremony traditionally took place on the territory of the National Conservation Area “St. Sophia of Kyiv”. Ukraine launches information campaign in Russia to return deported Ukrainian children 27 September 2023 - 15:27 As part of the implementation of the Bring Kids Back UA action plan approved by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the "If You Know, Tell" information campaign was launched to motivate people living in Russia to oppose the forced deportation of Ukrainian children and to facilitate the return of young Ukrainian citizens to Ukraine. Head of the Presidential Office had a phone call with the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy 27 September 2023 - 11:42 Andriy Yermak thanked the government and people of Italy for their unwavering support of our country in the fight for freedom and common European democratic values. The interlocutors touched upon the issue of defense support, in particular in the context of the appointment of the new Minister of Defense of Ukraine. There will be more Ukrainian actions against the terrorist state — address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 September 2023 - 20:23 The supply of shells. This is a topic we are dealing with on a daily basis. Supplies from partners. Searching for new opportunities in the world — we know exactly how to secure supplies. And we are gradually increasing the volume of Ukrainian production. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the National Council of Austria 26 September 2023 - 17:15 Volodymyr Zelenskyy praised the readiness of the Austrian side to join the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. He informed about the next steps in the practical implementation of the Peace Formula, including the preparation of the Global Peace Summit. The best thing for us is to be capable of producing advanced weapons to guarantee Ukraine's security, and we will do so - address by the President 25 September 2023 - 21:42 We see a very clear interest of the world in working with us to build a new defense force not only for Ukraine, but also for our partners. 1 2 ... 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine