5 captures 26 Oct 2023 - 16 Jul 2024 Sep OCT Nov 26 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231026091513/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-dzhejkom-sallivanom-86593 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every Russian strike is an argument that pressure on the terrorist state is insufficient – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 October 2023 - 19:48 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska in an interview with Vogue Ukraine Edition: Caring for the psychological well-being is a matter of survival for Ukrainians 26 October 2023 - 11:53 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 26 October 2023 - 09:28 Every Russian strike is an argument that pressure on the terrorist state is insufficient – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 October 2023 - 19:46 Andriy Sybiha discusses implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula with delegation from Switzerland's Ministry of Foreign Affairs 25 October 2023 - 19:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 26 October 2023 - 09:28 In the framework of the ongoing dialogue with the allies, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. The Head of the Office of the President conveyed words of gratitude to U.S. President Joseph Biden for his strong leadership and powerful speech in which he declared the need to stop Russia's aggression and expressed support for Ukraine. Andriy Yermak and Jake Sullivan continued their dialogue on the issues discussed during the phone call between Presidents Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Joseph Biden held on 19 October. The interlocutors coordinated steps to implement the agreements on joint defense production reached during the meeting between the two presidents in Washington. The interlocutors reviewed the operational situation in different parts of the frontline, as well as the results of the use of weapons provided by Ukraine's allies to repel the Russian invasion. The parties also continued their dialogue on the implementation of the Peace Formula. Particular attention was paid to preparations for the next meeting scheduled to take place in Malta. Andriy Yermak conveyed gratitude to U.S. President Joseph Biden, his entire team, the U.S. House of Representatives and Senate, and the American people for their strong support of Ukraine and Ukrainians in the fight for freedom, independence and democratic values in Europe. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine