7 captures 21 Sep 2023 - 16 Jul 2025 Aug SEP Oct 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230921161359/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=177 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The use of veto power requires reform, and this can be a key reform in the UN – address by the President of Ukraine at the UN Security Council meeting 20 September 2023 - 19:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States of America 19 September 2023 - 02:19 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak met with the parliamentary delegation of the Republic of Korea 7 June 2022 - 09:50 Andriy Yermak stressed the importance of the Korean delegation's visit to Ukraine at this crucial time for our country, and thanked for Korea's consistent support for Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty. Everyone should talk about what is happening in Ukraine so that the attention to our struggle for freedom is not decreased - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 June 2022 - 23:58 Do not forget that business, culture and ordinary people can also do a lot to keep Ukraine at the top of global attention. Ukraine is negotiating with a number of countries on the export of grain from ports, but weapons remain the main guarantor in this matter - President 6 June 2022 - 21:06 Ukraine is negotiating with a number of countries and with the United Nations to unblock ports for the unimpeded export of grain, but weapons we receive from partner countries remain the main guarantor in this matter. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives on the occasion of Journalist's Day. Main Intelligence Directorate deals with the issue of returning servicemen who left the Azovstal plant, and it must provide the result - Head of State 6 June 2022 - 19:16 Negotiations on the exchange of prisoners between Ukraine and Russia, including the military who left the Azovstal plant in Mariupol, are being conducted by the Main Intelligence Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, whose task is to return Ukrainian citizens home. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: As the President of a warring state, I have one priority - to turn war into our victory 6 June 2022 - 18:49 The war with the Russian aggressor continues, and we shouldn’t prepare the enemy, telling where and how many servicemen and equipment we have; at the same time, Ukrainian society and the international community need to know the truth about what is happening on the front, who is killing and torturing whom. This was emphasized by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives on the occasion of the Journalist's Day. President presented state awards to media workers and family members of deceased journalists on Journalist's Day 6 June 2022 - 17:18 On the occasion of the Journalist's Day, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to Ukrainian media workers and family members of media representatives who died as a result of a full-scale Russian invasion. The Yermak-McFaul International Group presented a Roadmap for individual sanctions. 6 June 2022 - 10:48 The Yermak-McFaul International Working Group on Sanctions against Russia presented a Roadmap for individual sanctions. The document defines the objectives of individual sanctions, the principles of their application, comprehensively names all categories of persons against whom personal sanctions should be imposed, and proposes a strategy to increase sanctions pressure. Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the working trip to the Zaporizhzhia, Donetsk and Luhansk regions 6 June 2022 - 01:18 Together with the Head of the Office we headed east. We were in Lysychansk, we were in Soledar. I am proud of everyone whom I met, whom I shook hands with, with whom I communicated, whom I supported. We brought something to the military. We also brought you something from them. Confidence and strength. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the positions of Ukrainian troops in the area of Bakhmut and Lysychansk 6 June 2022 - 00:37 The President heard information on the operational situation in these parts of the front, as well as a report on the logistics of Ukrainian defenders. Address by the President of Ukraine to the guests and participants of the Lithuanian National Film Award Sidabrinė gervė in Vilnius 5 June 2022 - 21:15 Ukrainians will remember Mantas Kvedaravičius as a man who was just like that. He really deserves the Golden Swan. He valued life and always spoke out against what was life-threatening in his view - and that was a very attentive view. 1 2 ... 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine