7 captures 09 Nov 2023 - 23 Jan 2026 Oct NOV Dec 09 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231109133632/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/koli-nashi-golosi-lunatimut-v-unison-mi-peremozhemo-mir-spra-86853 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos When our voices are heard in unison, we will prevail, and peace, justice and the rule of law will be restored – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to students and professors of universities in Mexico 9 November 2023 - 11:23 View all videos n latest news I hope to hear a strong voice of Mexico in support of Ukraine – President during the conversation with the Mexican university community 9 November 2023 - 11:44 When our voices are heard in unison, we will prevail, and peace, justice and the rule of law will be restored – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to students and professors of universities in Mexico 9 November 2023 - 11:16 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the Advisor for Political and International Affairs to the Office of the President of Chile 8 November 2023 - 23:30 First Lady of Ukraine opens Ukrainian bookshelf in UNESCO library 8 November 2023 - 23:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 4 November 2023 - 12:19 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches When our voices are heard in unison, we will prevail, and peace, justice and the rule of law will be restored – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to students and professors of universities in Mexico 9 November 2023 - 11:16 Thank you very much! Dear participants! Dear rectors! I would like to thank you now, first of all, for your warm words – I was listening carefully – your warm words of support, Mr. Montemayor and Mr. Lascurain! Greetings to dear lecturers, dear students, and representatives of the diplomatic corps! I know that journalists also see us somewhere. Good afternoon, everyone! Thank you for this opportunity! Six months ago, I had the opportunity to address the General Congress of Mexico. My words were addressed to the people who make key decisions in your country. Today, it is important for me to address you. The generation that will shape the future of Mexico. And together with the next generations of other nations, a new and better world for all of us. And I would like to start this address with one of the most important questions, in my opinion, today. What is the difference between Ukraine and Russia? I really want the answer to this question to be known and understood by people in every corner of the world. On any continent of the planet. And let it sound in different languages, but unified and clear. Because without this answer, it is impossible to understand what is happening in Ukraine, why this war started and why it continues, how it affects the future of the world, what steps, actions and conclusions are required from humanity to prevent similar events in the years and centuries to come. What is the difference between Ukraine and Russia? The words of one of Mexico's national heroes, Emiliano Zapata, describe it concisely and aptly. Es mejor morir de pie que vivir de rodillas! It is better to die standing than to live on your knees – this is the translation. Better to die as a warrior than to live as a slave. Ukrainians are fighting to be free. Russians are fighting to enslave another nation. The war is taking place on our land. And it is the Russian army that has invaded Ukraine, burning our cities and villages. The people of Ukraine are fighting for their freedom at the cost of their own lives. The people of Russia have not stopped the war of aggression of the Russian regime and, unfortunately, a significant part of them, stupefied by Russian propaganda, supports it. Ukrainians are defending their land, their homes, protecting their families and their children. Russia is destroying other people's homes, tearing apart other people's families, and abducting other people's children. The Mexican people, for whom family and family ties are sacred, understand our pain, I am sure of that. The pain felt by millions of Ukrainians whose families have been destroyed and separated as a result of Russia's terrorist actions. They understand our thirst for justice, for resistance to evil and lawlessness, for victory and restoration of peace. For Ukraine, it is an anti-colonial war. For Russia, it is an attempt to restore the old empire that was destroying the lives of nations. Russia simply does not want to accept that we will live freely and have every right to our national independence and identity. These are simple facts about the ongoing war. But it is important to repeat and realize them in order to see and know who is on the bright side of history. Ukraine and Mexico are countries with different national destinies, but we are united by the same desire for freedom, peace and justice. We are two nations that deeply value their families, their land, and their right to decide their own future. To be safe, to be equal, to be free, to live in respect and to follow the path of development together with other nations on Earth. These are not just words, this is what we have defended and are defending every day. These are, in particular, the principles on which the key points of our Peace Formula – a peace plan designed to ensure a comprehensive, just and lasting peace – are built. Both in Ukraine and throughout the world, which is also suffering from the consequences of Russia's aggression against us. And this is also the answer to the question about the difference between Ukraine and Russia. Russia started this war, started chaos and terror. Ukraine seeks to stop it, to overcome it, to defeat it. Ukraine seeks to restore its own security and overall stability on the continent. Russia is doing evil, Ukraine is resisting it. Russia threatens and blackmails, Ukraine defends and holds on. Russia is a criminal, Ukraine is a fighter. Russia seeks to divide the world, sows chaos and discord in different parts of the world, provokes the threat of hunger, migration, and environmental danger. Ukraine, together with its allies, counteracts this and seeks to unite the world. And not around the right of force, but around the power of law. Security. Order. Peace. The Formula we have proposed is a clear roadmap for how to achieve lasting peace, restore international law and order, prevent aggression, and guarantee common security in the future. Its key and integral element is the liberation of all territories and the restoration of Ukraine's sovereignty within internationally recognized borders. Otherwise, it will not be peace, but a truce. Which will be followed sooner or later by a new war. And we will simply shift unresolved problems onto our children. We are grateful to Mexico for participating in the recent meeting of diplomatic advisors on the implementation of the Formula in Malta. And I look forward to Mexico City's continued support for this initiative. Mexico is one of the leading countries with a strong reputation in Latin America and the Caribbean. I am convinced that a world power of this caliber cannot stand aside from the crimes and unjustified bloody war unleashed by Russia against Ukraine. Ukrainians are waiting for a clear position of the Mexican government on the terrorist actions of the Russian leadership. We want to see your country among those who not only condemn the aggression in words, but also help us endure and survive. This assistance can be different. We know that Mexico is a neutral country that professes the principle of non-interference in the affairs of other countries. But neutrality does not mean indifference. We invite Mexico to join the efforts to overcome the consequences of aggression in the humanitarian, energy, and environmental spheres, and to restore and rebuild Ukraine. Every day in our country, people's livelihoods and civilian infrastructure are being destroyed. The massive destruction is affecting education, healthcare, water and electricity supply. Hundreds of thousands of people were forced to flee their homes, more than 5 million Ukrainian citizens are internally displaced, and more than 6 million are still abroad, forced to seek safety and protection in other countries. We appreciate any help in this difficult time for the Ukrainian people. And in particular, solidarity. It helps us hold on and fight for our independence. Ladies and gentlemen! What do you want your future world to look like? A world of peace, freedom and progress? Your decisions, your choice, your voice are important. Because the alternative is a world of chaos, violence and impunity, which Russia is trying to impose on everyone by launching an unprovoked, criminal war against Ukraine. Over the past two years, I have addressed and talked to leaders and peoples of dozens of different countries, students and young people on different continents. They have different views, speak different languages, practice different religions, but they all have a very similar vision of the future. Their own future. The future of their country. The future of the whole world. First of all, it is about values and key principles. About human life as the highest value, about freedom, independence, equality, respect, development. And I believe that our friends in Mexico share our views, our thoughts and dreams of peace. We want to feel your solidarity. So, I hope to hear a strong voice from Mexico – both from the public and from your government officials – in support of Ukraine. And when our voices are heard in unison, we will prevail, and peace, justice and the rule of law will be restored for the welfare and prosperity of all nations. Viva México! Слава Україні! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine