3 captures 03 Oct 2024 - 12 Oct 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241003103909/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=02-10-2023&date-to=02-10-2024&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Working to Speed Up Our Partners' Decision on the Funds from the Use of Russian Assets – Address by the President 1 October 2024 - 19:30 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Second International Forum of Defense Industries 1 October 2024 - 18:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Restoring Justice: The Third Thematic Conference Was Held as a Follow-Up to the First Peace Summit 19 September 2024 - 20:10 Head of the President’s Office Andriy Yermak participated in a thematic conference dedicated to implementing the seventh point of the Peace Formula, "Restoration of Justice." The meeting was attended by representatives from around 60 partner countries and international organizations. Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Visit the United States Next Week 19 September 2024 - 20:00 The President of Ukraine will address the UN General Assembly, meet with representatives of American defense and energy companies, and the Ukrainian community. The Head of State will hold bilateral negotiations with leaders of countries and international organizations on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly. Volodymyr Zelenskyy will meet with U.S. President Joe Biden to present the Plan for Victory. We Are Preparing Content for Detailed and Substantive Negotiations with Our Partners: This Concerns Both the Donetsk Region and Other Areas – Address by the President 19 September 2024 - 19:58 The Ukrainian Defense Forces have now managed to reduce the assault capabilities of the occupiers in the Donetsk region. The situation remains extremely challenging, with heavy fighting daily in the Kurakhove and Pokrovsk directions. But we are doing everything possible for the resilience of our combat brigades. President Honored Ukrainian Paralympians and Their Coaches with State Awards 19 September 2024 - 18:33 The President emphasized that Ukraine is proud of all its sports heroes, as the Paralympians have once again shown the world that Ukrainians are a nation of strong people. Nine Regions Are Negotiating Cooperation with American States – Viktor Mykyta 18 September 2024 - 21:00 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Viktor Mykyta held a meeting on strengthening cooperation between the regions of Ukraine and the American states, which was attended by Minister of Foreign Affairs Andrii Sybiha, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine to the United States Oksana Markarova and Heads of Regional Military Administrations. Our Plan for Victory Is Already Fully Prepared; the Most Important Thing Now Is the Determination to Implement It – Address by the President 18 September 2024 - 20:05 There is, and can be, no alternative to peace, no freezing of the war, or any other manipulations that will simply shift Russian aggression to another stage. We need reliable and long-term security for Ukraine, and, therefore, for all of Europe. We Have Made an Important Step Towards the Creation of a Special Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression – Iryna Mudra 18 September 2024 - 14:27 In Vienna, a Ukrainian delegation led by Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Iryna Mudra held the 11th meeting of the Core Group focused on establishing a special tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. Olena Zelenska's Foundation Opened a Modernized Laboratory at the Clinical Center for Pediatric Medicine in Lviv 18 September 2024 - 12:14 The event was attended by Ukraine’s First Lady Olena Zelenska and Lord Ashcroft, who donated to the project. Through the initiative of the Olena Zelenska Foundation, the laboratory underwent major renovations, including the purchase of medical equipment and furniture. We Appreciate Iceland's Significant Contribution to Creating International Mechanisms for Holding Russia Accountable for Its Crimes in Ukraine – Ihor Zhovkva 18 September 2024 - 10:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a videoconference with Andri Lúthersson, the newly appointed Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Iceland. A Good, Strong Content of the Military Package for Our Victory Plan Has Been Prepared – Address by the President 17 September 2024 - 19:26 I worked together with the military command. A good, strong content of the military package for our Victory Plan has been prepared – the very things that can significantly strengthen Ukraine in accordance with the Victory Plan. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine