7 captures 01 May 2024 - 11 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240501141633/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-i-kardinal-matteo-dzuppi-obgovorili-problemu-p-90637 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, First of All, we Express our Gratitude to Every Warrior of the State Border Guard Service - Address by the President 30 April 2024 - 20:35 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak Held a Conversation with Director of the National Security Office under the President of Korea 1 May 2024 - 13:45 Andriy Yermak and Cardinal Matteo Zuppi Discussed the Issue of Returning Deported Children and Prisoners of War from the Aggressor State 30 April 2024 - 20:59 Today, First of All, we Express our Gratitude to Every Warrior of the State Border Guard Service - Address by the President 30 April 2024 - 20:35 Europe Can Be Strong and Really Peaceful Only When No One Among Europeans is Left Behind Europe – President during the conference "20 Years of Czechia in the EU: A Vision for an Enlarged Europe" 30 April 2024 - 15:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President and First Lady Met with HRH Duchess Sophie of Edinburgh 30 April 2024 - 09:36 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Cardinal Matteo Zuppi Discussed the Issue of Returning Deported Children and Prisoners of War from the Aggressor State 30 April 2024 - 20:59 The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a telephone conversation with the President of the Italian Bishops' Conference Cardinal Matteo Zuppi. The Head of the Presidential Office noted that our country consistently pays special attention to the return of Ukrainian children illegally deported by Russia in the framework of diplomatic dialogue with all states. "You also continue your work in this direction. Thank you. This is a slow process, but still we are moving forward," he said. Andriy Yermak also called for assistance to Ukraine in freeing prisoners of war, including combat medics. During the conversation, the parties discussed the ways to speed up this process and to organize the exchange on the eve of Easter. The Head of the Office of the President informed the Cardinal about the preparations for the Global Peace Summit that will take place in Switzerland this June. Andriy Yermak and Matteo Zuppi also spoke about the possibility of holding a bilateral meeting aimed at joining efforts. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine