1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224061504/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=13 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with EU Commissioner for Neighbourhood and Enlargement Olivér Várhelyi 27 January 2022 - 11:21 The President commended the results of the December Eastern Partnership Summit in Brussels, especially the approval of an ambitious Economic and Investment Plan for the partner countries. This plan provides for the financing of reforms in a number of important areas by allocating funds for the implementation of specific projects. In Paris, political advisers to the leaders of the Normandy Four for the first time in a long time agreed on a joint communiqué and the next meeting in Berlin 26 January 2022 - 23:43 A meeting of political advisers to the leaders of the Normandy format attended by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak ended in Paris. As a result of the event, the parties agreed on a joint communiqué and the next meeting in two weeks in Berlin. Ukrainian delegation in France discussed cooperation in the fields of finance, energy and infrastructure 26 January 2022 - 21:38 During the visit to France, the Ukrainian delegation held a series of talks on financial support for Ukraine, cooperation in the energy sector and participation of French business in Ukrainian infrastructure projects. Ihor Zhovkva discussed security situation and European integration aspirations of Ukraine with adviser to the President of Romania 26 January 2022 - 20:40 "I sincerely thank the official authorities of Romania for their strong statements in support of Ukraine and the corresponding active efforts of our Romanian partners within the EU and NATO," said Ihor Zhovkva. Andriy Yermak arrived in Paris to take part in a meeting of advisers to the leaders of the Normandy format 26 January 2022 - 15:12 The Ukrainian delegation led by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy Yulia Svyrydenko arrived in France. Head of the President's Office met with leaders of Jewish organizations in foreign countries 25 January 2022 - 21:34 On the eve of the International Holocaust Remembrance Day, January 27, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the leaders of Jewish organizations in foreign countries. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of Azerbaijan 25 January 2022 - 15:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev. The heads of state commended the recent meeting in Kyiv and discussed topical issues on the agenda in the context of the development of specific projects of Ukrainian-Azerbaijani cooperation. The National Security and Defense Council chaired by the President considered the issue of ensuring national security from internal and external threats 24 January 2022 - 21:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council, during which reports of government officials on the situation in the security, economic, energy, medical and cyber defense sectors were heard. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the President of the European Council 24 January 2022 - 15:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the European Council Charles Michel. The main focus of the conversation was on the coordination of international political and diplomatic efforts to de-escalate the security situation around our country. The possibility of granting the right to purchase medicines under the "eSupport" program for people with disabilities of the first group is being considered - a conference call 24 January 2022 - 15:24 For the third week in a row, the number of new COVID-19 cases is growing in Ukraine, but thanks to vaccination the course of the disease is easier, and now almost half as many people are hospitalized compared to the peak incidence in autumn 2021. This was discussed at a conference call on countering the spread of COVID-19. 1 2 ... 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine