9 captures 11 Jul 2023 - 16 Nov 2025 Jun JUL Aug 11 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230711091805/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cinuyemo-kozhne-zhittya-pamyatayemo-istoriyu-i-razom-zahisha-84229 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine will be in NATO, we are working on the algorithm of gaining membership - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 July 2023 - 21:03 View all videos n latest news Ukraine will be in NATO, we are working on the algorithm of gaining membership - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 July 2023 - 20:57 We value every life, remember history and defend freedom together - address by the President of Ukraine 9 July 2023 - 17:04 President held a meeting on socio-economic and security situation in Volyn region 9 July 2023 - 12:50 President takes part in prayer for Ukraine in Lviv 9 July 2023 - 00:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Lviv and Volyn regions 8 July 2023 - 23:52 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We value every life, remember history and defend freedom together - address by the President of Ukraine 9 July 2023 - 17:04 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today I am in Lutsk with the team. In the morning I met with Mr. President of Poland Duda. A conversation with him. A prayer service. There were representatives of all denominations and religious communities... In the Lutsk church. Together with Andrzej, we honored the memory of all the victims in Volyn. We value every life, remember history, and defend freedom together. Here in Lutsk, in Lubart's castle, I held a long meeting today on the situation in the region - security, the situation on the border, the situation in the border areas of neighboring Belarus... The priority is to reinforce each region, our entire northern border. There were reports from the military, law enforcers, and local authorities. We analyzed the training and supply of our Defense and Security Forces and relevant units in Volyn. There was a report on the social situation in the region, the needs of people. Energy, water supply, budgetary support - both for people and for the social sphere. The state of the shelters. Jobs in the region. The state supports and will continue to support as much as possible. And I am grateful to everyone here in Lutsk, to everyone in other cities and communities of the region where IDPs have been accommodated, where people help in the treatment and rehabilitation of our warriors... Thank you! The frontline, our active actions. This week we have a lot to be grateful for to the warriors of our 3rd separate assault brigade, the 24th separate mechanized brigade, the paratroopers of the "Eightieth"... Well done, warriors! In the Tavria direction, as always, the paratroopers of the "Seventy-Ninth", the artillerymen of the 55th separate brigade "Zaporizhzhia Sich", the 74th separate reconnaissance battalion and the 59th separate motorized infantry brigade distinguished themselves with power, courage and accuracy... I want to thank you! I would like to mention a warrior of the Zaporizhzhia Sich brigade, Major Volodymyr Honcharov. Thank you, Volodymyr! Sailor Serhiy Komar - 35th separate marine brigade - thank you, Serhiy! Soldier Oleksiy Labenets, a rifleman of the security battalion of the 15th transport aviation brigade. Thank you, Oleksiy! Artillerymen of the "Magura", the 47th separate mechanized brigade - Major Anton Cherevko and Senior Lieutenant Vasyl Abramiv. Thank you, guys! Thank you to everyone who is fighting and working for Ukraine! Thank you to everyone in the world who helps! Thank you, Lutsk, for this day! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine