9 captures 12 May 2024 - 20 Jan 2026 Apr MAY Jun 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240512021725/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mizhnarodne-medichne-partnerstvo-olena-zelenska-obgovorila-z-90801 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos 11 May 2024 - 19:31 View all videos n latest news Disrupting the Russian Offensive Intentions is the Number One Task Now – Address by the President of Ukraine 11 May 2024 - 19:26 No Matter What, We Are Preparing a Global Peace Summit So That the World's Majority Can Force Russia into Peace – Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his Address 10 May 2024 - 22:00 We are Adding More Forces to Kharkiv Directions, We Are Providing Everything Required to Protect Our Positions — Address by the President 10 May 2024 - 21:25 The Successes of our Fight at the Front and of the Global Peace Summit will Give Result for a Just Peace in Ukraine – Andriy Yermak 10 May 2024 - 20:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine Met with the President of the European Parliament in Kyiv 9 May 2024 - 15:43 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife International Medical Partnership: Olena Zelenska Discussed Cooperation Prospects with German Minister of Development 10 May 2024 - 10:49 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with Minister for Economic Cooperation and Development of Germany Svenja Schulze at the Bogomolets National Medical University. Together with the Minister, they discussed the prospects for cooperation between the countries in the format of international medical partnership. "Germany is a leader in medical evacuation of Ukrainians, having already received 1155 people, including 833 soldiers and 38 children. Another 365 Ukrainian children with cancer have also been treated in Germany. All of this became possible thanks to the attention of the German government and personally Svenja Schulze. She always emphasizes the human dimension of Ukraine's recovery," the President's wife emphasized. She also thanked for the recent signing of a declaration of intent on cooperation between the Ministries of Health of Ukraine and Germany. This is a continuation of a unique Ukrainian initiative, the International Medical Partnership, which was launched last fall during the third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. There are now 33 such partnerships, and the intention to conclude 10 more with German clinics was announced at a recent conference on mental health in Berlin. In particular, the Berlin-based Charité Clinic is a partner of the Bogomolets National Medical University. "For Ukrainian doctors, this is a unique opportunity to gain the world's best knowledge and experience firsthand. And with this knowledge, they can change Ukrainian medicine: bring innovations to their institute, their clinics, and spread them throughout the country," Olena Zelenska is convinced. Two more memoranda were signed the day before, during the second International Summit of Cities and Regions: between the Chernihiv Regional Children's Hospital and the Greifswald University Hospital and between the Chernihiv Regional Hospital and the Rostock University Hospital. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine