6 captures 19 Jun 2024 - 20 Jan 2026 May JUN Jul 19 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240619113656/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/83-opitanih-ukrayinciv-vvazhayut-bezbaryernist-novoyu-cinnis-91649 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Witness the World's Determination Opening New Prospects for Restoring Our Security — the Address by the President 18 June 2024 - 21:01 View all videos n latest news Ukraine and the EU Finalize the Text of Security Commitments 19 June 2024 - 13:22 83% of Ukrainians Consider Accessibility a New Value for Society – Survey Results 19 June 2024 - 11:32 Andriy Yermak Discussed Peace Summit Outcomes and Further Contacts Development with Advisor to the President of South Africa 18 June 2024 - 22:41 We Witness the World's Determination Opening New Prospects for Restoring Our Security — the Address by the President 18 June 2024 - 20:56 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Took Part in Festivities on the Occasion of Graduation of the Officers from the National Defense University 18 June 2024 - 13:08 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife 83% of Ukrainians Consider Accessibility a New Value for Society – Survey Results 19 June 2024 - 11:32 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, together with Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal and representatives of relevant ministries, took part in the presentation of the results of a public opinion survey on accessibility. The survey was conducted by the Center for Social Change and Behavioral Economics with the support of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) and the Expert Council on Accessibility Communication. 83% of respondents believe that accessibility is a new value for society. 34% of respondents are convinced that in order to overcome barriers in various fields, attention should be focused on changing people's behavior in society, 32% – on creating an adapted environment, and 22% – on ensuring access to education and employment. "Accessibility is a new value for our society. 83% of respondents called it that. This is a very large percentage, a great consciousness. Finally. If so many people recognize accessibility as a value, we are on the right path as a society," the First Lady emphasized. The survey also showed that more than half of the Ukrainians surveyed believe that the creation of an accessible environment and society should be the responsibility of the state and local authorities. At the same time, nearly one in four is already personally contributing to removing barriers. "This means that people are willing not only to accept, but also to join in. That is, our society is active. Now, the task of officials at all levels and in ministries is not to lose this percentage of those who care and to increase it. We need to talk to people and listen to them," Olena Zelenska is convinced. According to the First Lady, accessibility is needed not only for the wounded and people with disabilities but for everyone to feel comfortable and free. Thus, according to the survey, the first priority is to address the issue of barrier-free access to employment – 57% of respondents believe so, 51% mentioned the need for changes in infrastructure, and another 37% of respondents said that barriers for older people should be removed. For his part, Denys Shmyhal noted that Ukraine continues to pursue a consistent course of creating a barrier-free environment for all citizens. "This topic is constantly in the focus of attention of our government and all ministries. Accordingly, communication at both the state and community levels in this area should be systematic and active. This is an integral element of the change strategy we are implementing," he said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine