1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071329/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=71 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ihor Zhovkva and representatives of EU institutions discussed key issues on the agenda of relations between Ukraine and the European Union 8 June 2021 - 21:30 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Managing Director for Russia, Eastern Partnership, Central Asia, Regional Cooperation and the OSCE at the European External Action Service Michael Siebert and Deputy Director General of the Directorate for European Neighborhood and Enlargement Negotiations of the European Commission Katarína Mathernová. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a museum in Dnipro dedicated to the feat of the defenders of Ukraine 8 June 2021 - 20:46 During a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy watched the expositions of the museum "Civil Feat of the Dnipropetrovsk Region in the Events of ATO/JFO" in the city of Dnipro. Deputy Head of the Office of the President and EU officials discussed ways to resolve issues in judicial reform 8 June 2021 - 19:58 During the discussion of the draft laws on the activities of the High Qualification Commission of Judges of Ukraine (HQCJ) and the High Council of Justice (HCJ), Andriy Smyrnov stressed that the main issue remains open - the principles of decision-making by competition commissions. Roman Mashovets discussed the defense reform in Ukraine with the High-Level Advisor from Lithuania in the Reform Committee of the Ministry of Defense and the Armed Forces of Ukraine 8 June 2021 - 17:53 Roman Mashovets, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, had a meeting with Vitalijus Vaikšnoras, High Level Strategic Advisor from Lithuania in the Reform Committee of the Ministry of Defense and the Armed Forces of Ukraine. The time of declarations should be a thing of the past, a clear plan for Ukraine's integration into NATO is needed - the results of the conversation between Presidents Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Joe Biden 8 June 2021 - 17:34 A meaningful conversation between the leaders of Ukraine and the United States of America made it possible to coordinate in detail the positions of our states and testifies to the close and partnership relations between Ukraine and the United States. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak. President inspected the Olympic House in Dnipro: An experienced coach and modern training conditions are needed for sports victories 8 June 2021 - 17:28 During a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Olympic Reserves sports complex and inspected the newly built Olympic House sports center in Dnipro. Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Dnipropetrovsk region: We are building awesome roads 8 June 2021 - 15:43 During a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy inspected the completion of construction works on the H-11 Dnipro – Mykolaiv state highway from Kryvyi Rih to Krynychky, which is being reconstructed in the framework of the Large Construction program. Large Construction: Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the reconstruction of sports facilities in Kryvyi Rih 8 June 2021 - 14:16 During a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the reconstruction of Metallurg Stadium in Kryvyi Rih, which is taking place in the framework of the Large Construction program. President inspected the reconstruction of the airport in Kryvyi Rih 8 June 2021 - 12:16 During a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the reconstruction of the Kryvyi Rih International Airport. President arrived in Kryvyi Rih by airliner 8 June 2021 - 11:08 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy started a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region. 1 2 ... 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine