4 captures 21 Dec 2024 - 08 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 21 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241221040910/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dyakuyemo-vsim-hto-pracyuye-zaradi-svitla-dlya-ukrayinciv-pr-95133 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Is Not a Single Reason for North Koreans to Die in This War; the Only Reason Is Putin’s Madness – Address by the President 16 December 2024 - 21:09 View all videos n latest news The President Met with the Lithuanian Prime Minister and His Government in Its Entirety 20 December 2024 - 20:47 Ukraine and the UN Discussed Gross Violations of Ukrainian Children's Rights Caused by Russian Aggression 20 December 2024 - 20:32 “Speaking Are Those Who Have Listened to Eternity”: a Performance Organized by the Olena Zelenska Foundation Was Presented at St. Sophia Cathedral 20 December 2024 - 20:10 Everyday Terror Deserves Ever-Increasing Pressure on the Terrorist: Russia Must Be Held Accountable – Address by the President 20 December 2024 - 19:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Presented State Awards on the Eve of Energy Workers' Day 20 December 2024 - 13:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We Thank Everyone Who Works for the Sake of Light for Ukrainians – President Honors Energy Workers with State Awards 20 December 2024 - 13:28 On the eve of Energy Workers' Day, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with employees of the energy sector and presented them with state awards. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that Ukrainian energy infrastructure has been a target for Russia for the third consecutive year. Despite this, energy workers consistently do everything possible to restore electricity supply to cities and villages. “Repair crews working around the clock, engineers and all specialists of our energy sector who restore the system's resilience, electricians, technicians, machinists, system operators, dispatchers, drivers, and managers of energy facilities – thank you to everyone working to bring light to Ukrainians and warmth to our homes and apartments,” the President said. The Head of State emphasized that Ukraine has preserved its electricity generation capacity and is working with partners to secure additional equipment supplies and construct new energy facilities. Efforts to strengthen air defense systems are also ongoing. Following the President’s visit to Brussels, new agreements were reached with partners regarding additional air defense systems for Ukraine. “We will restore the generation capacities that Russians have destroyed. But all of this is just the superstructure – at the foundation lies the daily heroism of people like you, your colleagues, and the entire energy sector. We are proud of you,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. Those present honored with a moment of silence the memory of energy workers who lost their lives due to Russian strikes. The President presented the Order “For Courage” III class to the wife of Viktor Palamarchuk, an electrician who died from injuries sustained during a massive strike on energy infrastructure. The Head of State also awarded energy workers with the Orders of Merit III class, the Orders “For Courage” III class, the Orders of Princess Olga III class, and medals. Additionally, the honorary title "Distinguished Energy Worker of Ukraine" was conferred. v Videos ph President Presented State Awards on the Eve of Energy Workers' Day 20 December 2024 - 13:25 ph President Presented State Awards on the Eve of Energy Workers' Day 20 December 2024 - 13:25 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine