1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050841/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-proviv-robochi-konsultaciyi-z-golovnim-zovnishn-66985 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva held working consultations with the Chief Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of the Republic of Lithuania 5 March 2021 - 17:13 At the invitation of the Lithuanian party, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held working consultations in Vilnius with Chief Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of the Republic of Lithuania Asta Skaisgirytė. Ihor Zhovkva and Asta Skaisgirytė noted the common commitment to maintain the high dynamics of bilateral political dialogue despite the existing restrictions due to countering the spread of COVID-19. The interlocutors discussed the measures taken in Ukraine and Lithuania in the context of overcoming the second wave of COVID-19 and ensuring the vaccination of citizens with quality certified vaccines. In this regard, the Deputy Head of the Office of the President praised the initiative of the Lithuanian party to transfer to Ukraine a certain number of vaccines against COVID-19 (free of charge) after the formation of the relevant remainders in Lithuania. "I would also like to thank Lithuania for its leadership in raising the issue within the European Union regarding the provision of access to COVID-19 vaccine to partner countries. The creation of such a mechanism for the transfer of the vaccine from the EU is a powerful signal of solidarity with Ukraine," Ihor Zhovkva stressed. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine informed the interlocutor in detail of the current security situation in the east of our country, as well as of the steps taken by Ukraine within the Normandy format and TCG to ensure lasting peace and full implementation of the Minsk agreements. He thanked the Republic of Lithuania for its firm support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders, as well as for its continued support for the EU's sanctions policy against Russia. Ihor Zhovkva especially thanked the Republic of Lithuania for its solidarity in the issue of countering the implementation of the Nord Stream 2 geopolitical project, which poses a threat to European energy security: "We must continue to work together to prevent the completion of this project, which is, in fact, a trap for the whole of Europe”. The talks focused on the preparation of the next meeting of the Council of Presidents of Ukraine and the Republic of Lithuania, which is scheduled for this month during the visit of Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda to Ukraine. The interlocutors discussed the content of the meeting of the Council of Presidents and coordinated positions on the list of bilateral documents that are planned to be signed based on its results. The parties underscored the need to continue the proper preparation of an important event - the 4th Conference on Reforms in Ukraine, which is to take place this year in Vilnius with the participation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Gitanas Nausėda. "We are waiting for a specific date of the Conference, it is necessary for further joint steps to prepare for this event," Ihor Zhovkva emphasized. He reminded that in August 2021, as part of the celebration of the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence, a large-scale event will be held - the inaugural summit of the Crimean Platform, to which world leaders are invited, including Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine informed Asta Skaisgirytė of the main elements of the Crimean Platform initiative and Ukraine's expectations from the summit. At the end of the negotiations, the interlocutors stated that such an ambitious bilateral agenda fully corresponds to the high dynamics of bilateral relations, the 30th anniversary of the establishment of which Ukraine and Lithuania will jointly celebrate in December this year. During the visit, Ihor Zhovkva also met with the first Speaker of the Seimas of independent Lithuania after its secession from the USSR, Professor Vytautas Landsbergis. During the meeting, which took place in a warm and friendly atmosphere, the interlocutors exchanged views on a number of topical issues of the international agenda. Taking this unique opportunity, Ihor Zhovkva sincerely congratulated Vytautas Landsbergis on the 31st anniversary of the restoration of Lithuania's independence, which will be celebrated on March 11 this year. During the visit, Ihor Zhovkva also gave an interview to the Lithuanian branch of the leading Baltic news agency (Baltic News Service) (BNS). Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine