1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233421/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=36 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ihor Zhovkva met with the Assistant Minister of Foreign Affairs, Director-General of the European Affairs Bureau of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan 7 November 2022 - 13:22 The Deputy Head of the President's Office informed the interlocutor about the security situation in Ukraine and Russian terrorist tactics of shelling civilian infrastructure. In this context, the possibility of the Japanese government providing assistance to overcome the consequences of the destruction of energy facilities was discussed. Ukraine's victory, advent of peace must be based on respect for territorial integrity, international law – Andriy Yermak at briefing after meeting with Jake Sullivan 5 November 2022 - 09:54 Ukraine's victory in the full-scale war unleashed by Russia must be based on the fundamental principles of the UN Charter and international law, respect for the principle of territorial integrity and the inviolability of internationally recognized borders. This was stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak at a joint briefing with U.S. President's National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan who was on a visit to Ukraine. Ukraine received confirmation of unwavering support from the U.S. – Andriy Yermak and Jake Sullivan at a briefing in Kyiv 5 November 2022 - 09:40 Ukraine received confirmation of unwavering support from the United States until it gains victory over the aggressor. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during a joint briefing with U.S. President's National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan who is on a visit to Kyiv. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Advisor to the US President Jake Sullivan 4 November 2022 - 20:14 Andriy Yermak welcomed Jake Sullivan to Ukraine and noted that his arrival is a very important signal of support for our country from the United States of America. Roman Mashovets and the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine discussed the key areas of Ukrainian-Japanese security cooperation 4 November 2022 - 19:07 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets held a meeting with Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda. The interlocutors discussed the current situation at the front and directions for the development of bilateral cooperation in the field of security and defense. Andriy Yermak held a meeting with a group of heads of delegations of NATO member states 3 November 2022 - 23:14 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak held a meeting with the heads of delegations of NATO member states to the headquarters of the Alliance, who are on a working visit to Ukraine. Andriy Yermak set a task of promptly submitting the filled-in questionnaire on Ukraine's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery 3 November 2022 - 20:43 Andriy Yermak set a task of promptly submitting the filled-in questionnaire on Ukraine's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery. Yermak-McFaul Sanctions Group published Paper #7 - IT & Supporting Technologies: Recommendations for Sanctions 3 November 2022 - 11:29 An independent group of international experts on sanctions against Russia has developed a detailed document that lists all the IT technologies that should be taken away from the criminal regime. Andriy Yermak discusses opportunities for cooperation with Ukraine with representative of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2 November 2022 - 19:38 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference with Managing Director, Head of Global Engagement at the largest U.S. bank holding by assets – JPMorgan Chase & Co. Clay Berry. Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal on the crime of aggression 1 November 2022 - 20:31 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal on the crime of aggression against Ukraine. 1 2 ... 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine