2 captures 25 Jun 2024 - 17 May 2025 May JUN Jul 25 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240625205044/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/den-zaradi-yakogo-pracyuvali-vsi-ukrayina-rozpochala-peregov-91749 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos 25 June 2024 - 22:16 View all videos n latest news We Will Implement Everything Necessary to Advance Through Each Chapter of Our Relations with the EU – the Address by the President 25 June 2024 - 22:13 The Day We All Have Worked For: Ukraine Started EU Accession Negotiations – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 June 2024 - 17:20 Ukraine Will Definitely Become a Full Member of the European Union – Address by the President, the Prime Minister and the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine 25 June 2024 - 17:20 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Discussed Investments in Ukraine with Swedish Delegation 25 June 2024 - 15:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President Met with the Warriors of the Center of Special Operations "A" of the Security Service of Ukraine on the 30th Anniversary of the Unit's Establishment 24 June 2024 - 17:00 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Day We All Have Worked For: Ukraine Started EU Accession Negotiations – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 June 2024 - 17:20 The first intergovernmental conference between Ukraine and the EU has already taken place. The Ukrainian delegation included representatives of the Verkhovna Rada, the Cabinet of Ministers, and the Office of the President. This was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his address on the occasion of the start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU. The Head of State emphasized that this means that Ukraine will definitely become a full member of the European Union. Now, the focus is on technical work, on adapting our system to the EU, and on Europe's political will to make the European project truly complete. "This can only be achieved with Ukraine as part of a united Europe – a Europe of values, a Europe without splits, ideological walls and ‘gray zones,’ a Europe of peace – real peace. I thank everyone who supports Ukraine on this path, who helps, and who fights for Ukraine," the President said. Ukraine applied for EU membership on February 28, 2022, on the fifth day of the full-scale Russian invasion. In June of the same year, the European Council granted our country candidate status, and last December, the European Union adopted a decision to open negotiations with Ukraine. "Between these steps, there have been thousands of meetings and calls. Conditions Ukraine has fully met. Laws that have been enacted and implemented. And most importantly, the determination of our people, our nation," Volodymyr Zelenskyy summarized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine