11 captures 11 Mar 2023 - 03 Oct 2023 Feb MAR Apr 11 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230311002749/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vzyala-uchast-u-mizhnarodnomu-forumi-forbes-3-81521 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukrainians are strong when they take care of each other, and free when they defend themselves – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2023 - 20:26 View all videos n latest news Ukrainians are strong when they take care of each other, and free when they defend themselves – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2023 - 20:24 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Minister of Defense of Kingdom of Norway 10 March 2023 - 17:57 At the Vilnius Summit, Ukraine expects NATO member states to endorse security guarantees - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2023 - 16:29 Joint Statement of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of the Republic of Finland Sanna Marin 10 March 2023 - 16:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Finland 10 March 2023 - 13:44 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska took part in the the Forbes 30/50 Summit 8 March 2023 - 22:38 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the Forbes 30/50 Summit, which is taking place in Abu Dhabi (UAE). The event brought together prominent representatives of politics, business and non-governmental organizations to exchange information and forge connections for the sake of joint work and leadership development. The President's wife took part in a panel discussion on women's leadership. The discussion was also joined by Billie Jean King, an athlete and fighter for equal rights, and Gloria Steinem, a journalist and activist. The event was moderated by Hillary Rodham Clinton, former Secretary of State, First Lady of the United States, lawyer, writer, activist, and Mika Brzezinski, American journalist, co-host of the popular MSNBC television program Morning Joe. "It is crucial that we remember not only on this day, but at all times, that equality is a fundamental right and not a privilege. For me, to talk about equality now is to talk about normalcy. The only thing that’s left is to ensure that it becomes normal for everyone in the world," Olena Zelenska said. She described how life in Ukraine and the activities of the First Lady have changed since the beginning of the full-scale invasion. "The whole country lives in the mode of “doing the best we can in our place”. Work keeps you from breaking down. It structures the chaos of war. Work is a foothold, especially when you see the results. My work has also changed a lot. We had to move from the development projects we were engaged in before the war to the fight for the survival of Ukrainians in the literal sense," the First Lady said. In addition, at a special gala evening, Olena Zelenska received the Torch of Freedom award. It was presented by Hillary Rodham Clinton. Olena Zelenska dedicated the award to all Ukrainian women. "The women's feat in this confrontation is special as it is multifaceted: women are making their contribution everywhere - from serving in the army to evacuations, from the rear to the front. And the only thing I wish is that with our victory, those who are far away will be able to return as soon as possible, those who are at risk will survive, the wounded and injured will recover and regain their strength, and separated families will be able to hug each other again and not be separated anymore. You are the torch of our freedom. You are Ukraine. Thank you for everything," the First Lady said in her social media message. v Videos ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the UAE 8 March 2023 - 23:00 ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the UAE 8 March 2023 - 23:00 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine