9 captures 18 May 2023 - 16 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 18 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230518205917/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/arabskij-svit-maye-znati-pravdu-pro-vijnu-rosiyi-proti-ukray-82985 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our priorities for the near future are additional air defense systems, missiles, training and aircraft, long-range weapons – address by the President of Ukraine 18 May 2023 - 21:03 View all videos n latest news Our priorities for the near future are additional air defense systems, missiles, training and aircraft, long-range weapons – address by the President of Ukraine 18 May 2023 - 21:01 The Arab world should know the truth about Russia's war against Ukraine - Andriy Yermak in an interview with AlHadath TV channel 18 May 2023 - 20:27 Ihor Zhovkva met with Director General of the Geneva Chamber of Commerce Vincent Subilia 18 May 2023 - 19:34 Without an international tribunal, without bringing to justice all Russian war criminals, evil will return very soon - Volodymyr Zelenskyy addressed the participants of the second PISM Strategic Ark conference 18 May 2023 - 19:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's meeting with representatives of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar people 18 May 2023 - 16:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The Arab world should know the truth about Russia's war against Ukraine - Andriy Yermak in an interview with AlHadath TV channel 18 May 2023 - 20:27 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak said that our country would welcome the participation of Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries in the upcoming peace summit. He said this in an interview with AlHadath TV channel (Saudi Arabia). "It is important for Ukraine that the Arab world knows the truth about what is happening in Ukraine today, how Ukrainians have been fighting for over a year against the Russian invasion. We are fighting for our freedom, independence, our land and our people. We did not start this war. An act of aggression was committed against us," emphasized Andriy Yermak. According to him, Ukraine seeks to convey to the countries of the Arab world its view of the end of this war and the way to protect the world's states from similar aggressions. In particular, Ukraine seeks to convey the Peace Formula proposed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. "This formula is fully based on the principles of international law and the UN Charter. And we will strongly welcome the participation of Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries in the upcoming peace summit, where leaders from around the world will be able to find a solution to end this war in the center of Europe based on President Zelenskyy's Peace Formula," Andriy Yermak said. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that the ten points of the Peace Formula refer to the resolution of problematic issues that are important for all of humanity. For example, nuclear or environmental safety issues. Andriy Yermak emphasized that even in difficult circumstances, Ukraine is concerned with global issues, including the issue of global food security, which is being addressed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain Form Ukraine initiative. He also noted that Ukraine is grateful for the humanitarian assistance received from the Arab world, particularly from Saudi Arabia, especially when the Russian Federation has been trying for several months to destroy Ukraine's energy infrastructure with missiles and Iranian drones, and to leave millions of our citizens without electricity, heating and water supply during the cold season. The Head of the President's Office also noted the role of the Kingdom in the important exchange of prisoners, which helped to release a large number of Ukrainian and foreign citizens. Andriy Yermak emphasized that the Ukrainian side is ready to communicate with states and leaders who put forward certain proposals for a peaceful settlement and ending the war, but does not accept any negotiations with any compromises concerning our territory and our people. "All Ukrainians want this war to end. We want the return of all our territories and the restoration of Ukraine's territorial integrity. We want to return all our people from Russian prisons, to return illegally deported Ukrainian children. We want compensation for everything that Russia has destroyed on our land. We want to ensure that the people who started this terrible war and violated international law are punished and held accountable at the international level," he said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine