8 captures 27 May 2024 - 17 Jan 2026 Apr MAY Jun 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240527170216/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-iz-yuvalom-noyem-harari-vazhlivist-p-91149 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Many Leaders Condemned Russian Terror; It Is Important That This Condemnation Leads to Fair Consequences – Address by the President 26 May 2024 - 20:29 View all videos n latest news The President of Ukraine Had an Audience with King Felipe VI of Spain 27 May 2024 - 18:55 Joint Projects in Arms Production and Technology Development Will Add to the Strength of Both Ukraine and Spain – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 May 2024 - 17:47 Ukraine Has Signed a Bilateral Security Agreement with Spain 27 May 2024 - 15:40 Agreement on Security Cooperation between Spain and Ukraine 27 May 2024 - 15:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Official Visit of the President of Ukraine to Spain 27 May 2024 - 14:21 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak Discussed with Yuval Noah Harari the Importance of Drawing More Attention to the Global Peace Summit 27 May 2024 - 14:25 The Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a video conversation with Israeli historian and author, Professor Yuval Noah Harari. The Head of the Presidential Office spoke about the Peace Formula, proposed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, and the preparations for the Global Peace Summit. He emphasized that the purpose of creating this international platform is to develop a joint action plan for achieving a just peace on the Ukrainian land by reliable states. “It is extremely important for the people of our planet to understand today that international law is not just a phrase. And at this very moment, the world leaders can show that they are capable of taking action,” he noted. The Head of the Presidential Office stressed the importance of involving the maximum number of states from all continents in the Global Peace Summit. They may have different views, but the most important thing is that they support Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. “You have many fans, and your books are read by millions of people around the world. The Global Peace Summit is not about politics. It is about war and peace, a just peace, and human lives,” Andriy Yermak said. Yuval Noah Harari expressed his respect for Ukraine, and his admiration for its fight for freedom. He noted that he supports the establishment of a just peace, and will do his best to help the Global Peace Summit achieve success. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine