20 captures 03 Jul 2019 - 25 Aug 2025 Jun JUL Aug 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220704215004/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-nikoli-ne-vtomimosya-povtoryuvati-donbas-i-krim-ye-ukrayi-56177 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The recovery of Ukraine is not only about what needs to be done after the victory, but also about what we and our partners should do now - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 July 2022 - 22:16 View all videos n latest news The recovery of Ukraine is not only about what needs to be done after the victory, but also about what we and our partners should do now - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 July 2022 - 22:13 At the conference in Lugano, Olena Zelenska announced the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 4 July 2022 - 21:30 Transparency and trust should be the main principle of using the funds directed to the reconstruction of Ukraine - Andriy Yermak at the conference in Lugano 4 July 2022 - 21:25 Joint statement of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sweden Magdalena Andersson 4 July 2022 - 21:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sweden in Kyiv 4 July 2022 - 19:53 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Canada: We shall always say - Donbas and Crimea are Ukraine 3 July 2019 - 01:59 It is impossible to talk about the development of Ukraine without mentioning the topic of Donbas and Crimea. This was announced during a conference on reforms in Ukraine held in Toronto by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. "The return of our territories, the captives, the achievement of peace - this is the most important thing. This is the first thing that a citizen-oriented state should provide," the Head of State said. "And we can’t do without your support here," he said, addressing the participants of the conference. According to him, Ukraine faces two big challenges. The first one is economic. According to preliminary estimates, more than 10 billion euros are needed to restore Donbas. "In the autumn, we will hold a forum in Mariupol, and we invite foreign investors interested in financing infrastructure and humanitarian projects in Donbas," the Head of State said. The second challenge is informational. The President emphasized that Ukraine should return not only its territories, but also its people. "They do not have to lose contact with Ukraine. These are our citizens. And today they are scared. They have a Ukrainian passport, they are given "passports" of "LPR" and "DPR", and now they are offered Russian ones as well. Scared, because they are trying to confuse them with the question "Who are we?" They are Ukrainians. Whatever language they may speak. And we must realize it all over the country if we really want their return. Obviously, this is the most difficult issue facing Ukraine. We shall always say: Donbas and Crimea are Ukraine," he said. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the fact that Donbas and Crimea are Ukraine should finally be heard and understood by Russia's leadership. "The whole world must say it loud. Without getting tired of it. This is necessary not only for Ukraine, but also for you. Because the return of Crimea and peace in Donbas is a guarantee of peace both in Europe and in the world. Remember this when you will discuss the issue of sanctions the next time," the Head of State said, addressing the participants of the conference. ph President's visit to Canada 2 July 2019 - 15:47 ph President's visit to Canada 2 July 2019 - 15:47 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine