1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024533/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=19 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy discusses unblocking of grain corridor, implementation of Peace Formula with President of Türkiye 21 July 2023 - 21:07 The parties coordinated efforts to restore the operation of the Black Sea Grain Initiative. The President of Ukraine called unblocking the grain corridor an absolute priority. President of Ukraine had the first phone call in the history of bilateral relations with the Prime Minister of Ethiopia 20 July 2023 - 19:02 The President emphasized that Ukraine is ready to continue to be a guarantor of global food security and is interested in developing bilateral relations with Ethiopia in the areas of security, digitization, etc. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with USAID Administrator Samantha Power 19 July 2023 - 18:55 The Head of State praised active interaction with USAID and noted the important role of the Agency in consolidating assistance to our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It is necessary to increase protection of Ukrainian cities and ports with the help of new modern air defense systems 19 July 2023 - 16:17 Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that such systems as SAMP/T and Patriot can protect Ukraine's port infrastructure. They can be provided by the respective states. President of Ukraine met with the Taoiseach of Ireland in Kyiv 19 July 2023 - 15:45 During the meeting, the parties also discussed security and political cooperation, joint steps that could strengthen Ukraine's defense against Russian aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Japan International Cooperation Agency 18 July 2023 - 20:21 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked for the practical assistance provided by JICA in the restoration of Ukraine and for the implementation of projects to support key sectors of the national economy. It is important that Ukraine and African states communicate without intermediaries - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 July 2023 - 20:05 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes the importance of establishing a direct dialogue between Ukraine and the African continent for an objective perception of events in our country and understanding the consequences of Russian aggression. He made the statement on Monday during an interview with African media. President of Ukraine: Even without Russia, we must do everything to keep the grain corridor operational 17 July 2023 - 18:04 The agreement between Ukraine, Türkiye and the United Nations on the Black Sea Grain Initiative remains in force, so our country is ready to continue the functioning of the "grain corridor". This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Monday during an interview with African media. Presidents and first ladies of Ukraine and the Republic of Korea visit St. Sophia Cathedral in Kyiv 15 July 2023 - 16:33 Heads of state and first ladies were given a tour of St. Sophia's Cathedral and got acquainted with the history and architectural features of this landmark of Ukrainian culture. Cooperation between Ukraine and the Republic of Korea will give more strength to our nations and the global positions of the two countries – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the meeting with Yoon Suk Yeol in Kyiv 15 July 2023 - 16:20 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with President of the Republic of Korea Yoon Suk Yeol, who arrived in our country on a visit. 1 2 ... 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine