1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224043818/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Roman Mashovets discusses prospects for defense cooperation with Canadian advisory group 17 September 2021 - 09:02 Roman Mashovets, Deputy Head of the Office of the President, discussed the issues of deepening relations between Ukraine and Canada in the field of defense cooperation with Michael J. McCarthy, Director of the Canadian PROTECT program. Meeting with participation of G7, EU ambassadors to support judicial reform in Ukraine held at Office of President 16 September 2021 - 17:10 The participants, in particular, discussed the creation of the first competition commission for holding a competition to select members of the High Qualification Commission of Judges and the first Ethics Council to check the virtue of candidates for the positions of members of the Verkhovna Rada. Ukraine believes that Nord Stream 2 issue should be considered at Normandy Four leaders meeting – Andriy Yermak 11 September 2021 - 14:36 Ukraine advocates for considering the implementation of the Nord Stream 2 project at a meeting of the Normandy Four leaders, because it concerns national security. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak at the YES Brainstorming event organized by the Yalta European Strategy in Kyiv. Andriy Yermak was on phone call today with Deputy Assistant Secretary in the Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs Robin Dunnigan 11 September 2021 - 10:01 The interlocutors exchanged views on the results of the visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States and next steps to implement the agreements reached and further strengthen the strategic partnership between Ukraine and the United States. Roman Mashovets, Kristina Kvien sum up first results of visit of President of Ukraine to the United States 8 September 2021 - 18:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with U.S. Chargé d'Affaires a.i. in Ukraine Kristina A. Kvien and other representatives of the U.S. Embassy. The participants in the meeting summed up the first results of the visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States regarding security and defense issues. Roman Mashovets discussed security issues with Brittany Stewart within preparations for Volodymyr Zelenskyy's visit to the United States 27 August 2021 - 10:13 Roman Mashovets noted the practical readiness to elaborate three bilateral documents on defense partnership, projects in the field of research, development, testing and evaluation and cooperation in the space sphere. The Ministers of Energy of Ukraine, the United States and Germany discussed in Kyiv the threats posed by Nord Stream 2, which Volodymyr Zelenskyy places emphasis on 23 August 2021 - 13:27 Following the talks between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel the day before, the Ministers of Energy of Ukraine, the United States and Germany discussed the threats to the energy security of Ukraine and the whole of Europe posed by the Nord Stream 2 project, the issue of reforming the energy sector of Ukraine and the introduction of new technologies. Ihor Zhovkva and the Adviser to the President of Romania discussed bilateral cooperation between the countries and European integration aspirations of Ukraine 18 August 2021 - 20:24 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Adviser to the President of Romania on European Affairs Leonard Orban. Roman Mashovets and Alexander Vinnikov discussed issues of further development of relations between Ukraine and NATO during the meeting 18 August 2021 - 18:55 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with Head of the NATO Representation to Ukraine Alexander Vinnikov. Roman Mashovets and UK Ambassador discussed prospects of defense cooperation 18 August 2021 - 10:16 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United Kingdom to Ukraine Melinda Simmons. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 13 14 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine