6 captures 20 Feb 2024 - 08 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 20 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240220111321/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-mayemo-zmicniti-nashi-soyuzi-ta-alyansi-shob-voni-buli-re-88977 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on the Heavenly Hundred Heroes Day 20 February 2024 - 10:47 View all videos n latest news Address by the President of Ukraine on the Heavenly Hundred Heroes Day 20 February 2024 - 10:44 The Presidential couple honored the memory of the Heavenly Hundred Heroes 20 February 2024 - 10:36 Ukraine held another round of negotiations with Denmark on the conclusion of a bilateral security agreement 19 February 2024 - 21:22 Unity should be manifested not only in thoughts and words, but also in actions for the sake of common goals and our state – address by the President of Ukraine 19 February 2024 - 21:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kharkiv region 19 February 2024 - 13:41 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We must strengthen our alliances and partnerships to ensure they are capable of protecting life – address by the President at the opening of the international exhibition “Crossroads: Sweden – Ukraine through a 1000 years” 16 February 2024 - 10:17 Your Majesties, Ladies and Gentlemen, Dear Friends! I am grateful for your attention to Ukraine and our people, and for your crucial support in our fight for freedom. This battle lasts for centuries, sometimes flaring up in fierce confrontations, and at other times pausing, as if freezing, only to ignite again later. This battle is not between nations or ideologies but represents a struggle between two sides of the human soul – one that respects life and sees others as equals, and other that only respects itself, taking others as threats. Every continent and era have suffered from the outbreaks of this battle. Sometimes life prevailed, – in other times, a disrespect for all the living was above. Exhaustion from losses has sparked a dream of eternal peace, prompting nations to learn how to extend periods of peace. Some have succeeded, while others have simply been unlucky with their neighbors. Ukraine never desired the ongoing war, which feels anachronistically out of place in the 21st century, reminiscent of the 19th or even the 17th century. The unprovoked and criminal Russian aggression is a reflection of the evil part of the human soul that seeks dominance, showing contempt for life, and failing to learn from history despite frequently invoking it. Our nations, Ukrainian and Swedish, had to defend against such an evil before. We’ve seen how other nations, under the influence of the worst in human nature, like Russia today, have waged wars against the freedom of others. However, Europe has learned to overcome this – to subject the evil that can arise within the human soul to rules of peace, conscience, and respect for others. Europe has learned to build peace, and we must preserve this experience – the architecture of cooperation in Europe and the Atlantic space that works for our collective security. We must strengthen our alliances and partnerships to ensure they are capable of protecting life in both the present and the future, making the 21st century distinct from the 19th or 17th – marked by peace. A reliable, lasting peace that no revanchist can destroy. Dear Sweden! It depends on us what life will be like, how history will be remembered and what history books and exhibitions will speak in the times of our children and their children. Will it be a life of respect and serenity, or Europe bleeding again because of the sick ambitions of some evil soul? We must teach Russia to respect others and force it to seek a path to peace. It is possible. Remember – history marks not those who had it easy and surrendered, but those who faced difficulties and still withstood. Together, Ukrainians and Swedes have a common history for over a thousand years, preserving our culture and way of life, learning to value peace. And we will overcome these current challenges with dignity, courage, and cooperation. We will not let anyone else write our history. Thank you, Sweden! Слава Україні! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine