1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030331/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=24 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President met with the Prime Minister of Moldova in Kyiv 23 August 2023 - 15:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Dorin Recean discussed the development of the Ukrainian food transit through Moldova and the creation of the relevant infrastructure. President met with Chairman and member of the Presidium of Bosnia and Herzegovina 23 August 2023 - 14:41 The Head of State thanked the interlocutors for their country's financial support to Ukraine in the context of full-scale Russian aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also noted the importance of Bosnia and Herzegovina joining the EU sanctions policy against Russia. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with the President of Lithuania 23 August 2023 - 14:28 The Head of State thanked his Lithuanian counterpart for his active participation in the implementation of the goals of the International Crimea Platform and his personal contribution to the comprehensive assistance to Ukraine from Lithuania in countering full-scale Russian aggression. President met with the Prime Minister of Finland who is on a visit to Ukraine 23 August 2023 - 13:18 During the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed the Prime Minister of Finland about the situation on the battlefield. The parties discussed defense and security cooperation between Ukraine and Finland. President at the ceremony of hoisting the National Flag: Ukrainian flag is a source of will and indomitability of all warriors fighting for our land 23 August 2023 - 09:54 Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that today a special flag of Ukraine was raised in Kyiv: Ukrainian defenders who are fighting for the freedom and independence of our country left their signatures on it. The overall summary of these days is that Ukraine has become stronger - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 August 2023 - 19:43 We are coming home with new political support and new agreements. There will be jets for Ukraine. There will be additional armored vehicles. We will reinforce air defense. Economy, our exports, European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of Montenegro in Athens 22 August 2023 - 14:41 The parties discussed Montenegro's support for the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and further steps to prepare for the Global Peace Summit. President of Ukraine meets with Prime Minister of North Macedonia 22 August 2023 - 13:41 The Head of State thanked the head of the government of North Macedonia for his unwavering and principled support for Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty. President of Ukraine holds talks with President of Moldova 22 August 2023 - 13:27 As part of his working visit to Greece and participation in the Ukraine-Balkans summit, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with President of the Republic of Moldova Maia Sandu. Head of State meets with Prime Minister of Croatia in Athens 22 August 2023 - 12:48 Zelenskyy thanked Croatia for preparing a new defense package for Ukraine, which will contain important components. The parties discussed the further development of defense cooperation between the two states. 1 2 ... 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine