9 captures 04 Dec 2022 - 07 Nov 2025 Nov DEC Jan 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221204145628/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:10 View all videos pg Photo gallery President met with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity 2 December 2022 - 21:31 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Take the Ukrainian defense experience to guarantee the security of your people - speech by the President of Ukraine during the participation in the "Digital Transformation" panel within the G20 summit 16 November 2022 - 09:21 Today, it is impossible to imagine life without computer networks, high-speed communication, the Internet, and even more so - without electricity. But your enemies may try to deprive you of just that. My good advice to you is to take Ukrainian defense experience in order to guarantee the safety of your people. President of Ukraine met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands 15 November 2022 - 23:31 The Head of State highly appreciated the consistent support for Ukraine from the government of the Netherlands and the personal efforts of Prime Minister Mark Rutte to counter Russian aggression. Russia is told about peace, it responds with missiles - address by the President of Ukraine 15 November 2022 - 22:28 Russia opposes itself to the world. Russia loses on the battlefield. Russia terrorizes us and everyone it can reach. Let's do everything to stop it! Poland stands in the fairway of Ukraine's progress on the way to the EU - Ihor Zhovkva 15 November 2022 - 19:32 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva paid a working visit to the Republic of Poland. During his stay in Warsaw, he held a meeting with Poland's newly appointed Minister for European Union Affairs Szymon Szynkowski vel Sęk. The Baltic countries and Poland are the most loyal allies of Ukraine, who are bringing our victory closer with concrete and consistent actions - Ihor Zhovkva 15 November 2022 - 12:45 On November 14, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva was on a working visit to the Republic of Lithuania. At the invitation of Chief Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Lithuania Asta Skaisgirytė, he took part in the annual meeting of advisors to the presidents of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland and Ukraine. Ukraine has always been a leader in peacemaking efforts; if Russia wants to end this war, let it prove it with actions - speech by the President of Ukraine at the G20 Summit 15 November 2022 - 07:31 We respect the rules and we are people of our word. Ukraine has always been a leader in peacekeeping efforts, and the world has witnessed it. And if Russia says that it supposedly wants to end this war, let it prove it with actions. The reparations that Russia will have to pay for what it has committed are now part of the international legal reality - address by the President of Ukraine 14 November 2022 - 23:55 It is happiness for everyone when Russia is driven out. Happiness, which will also be in those cities and communities of ours, which are deprived of a normal life by Russia both after February 24 and in 2014. We will return everything. We will return normal life. And we know that peace for Ukraine is getting closer. Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the Coordination Council of Ukraine for the Protection and Safety of Children with the participation of António Guterres, ambassadors of the G20 countries and human rights defenders 14 November 2022 - 21:17 Andriy Yermak emphasized that the meeting should contribute to the fastest possible cessation of mass crimes committed by the Russian Federation against hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian children. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on stabilization measures in the de-occupied Kherson region 14 November 2022 - 18:27 In Mykolaiv, Volodymyr Zelenskyy also visited the humanitarian headquarters that operates under the RMA and has been providing assistance to people in need since the first days of full-scale Russian aggression. President of Ukraine presented state awards to the Ukrainian servicemen who liberated the Kherson region 14 November 2022 - 17:12 As part of a working trip to the de-occupied part of the Kherson region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to the servicemen who distinguished themselves during the liberation of Kherson and the region. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 166 167 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine