5 captures 09 Nov 2022 - 17 Jun 2024 Oct NOV Dec 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221109162050/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/fabrika-kuhnya-dlya-navchalnih-zakladiv-buchi-j-susidnih-gro-79009 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are doing everything to ensure that the Russian plan to turn winter into a weapon fails - address by the President of Ukraine 8 November 2022 - 23:06 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds regular meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief 9 November 2022 - 17:24 Roman Mashovets holds meeting with diplomats of Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Hungary 9 November 2022 - 16:34 Ukrainian and global human rights organizations should receive operational information about human rights violations by the Russian aggressor - Andriy Yermak 9 November 2022 - 13:31 We are doing everything to ensure that the Russian plan to turn winter into a weapon fails - address by the President of Ukraine 8 November 2022 - 23:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Railway Worker 4 November 2022 - 15:20 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife The kitchen factory for educational institutions in Bucha and neighboring communities has received an address and contractors 8 November 2022 - 16:35 The kitchen factory for providing high-quality fresh food to educational institutions in Bucha and nearby communities presented by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska in September 2022 received the necessary prerequisites for the start of construction work. In particular, contractors were found and approved: four companies participated in the general designer's tender. A contractor and a company that will carry out technological supervision have been selected. A detailed technological project, specification of the necessary equipment has been developed. The tender for the selection of a supplier of technological equipment is ongoing. 31 schools from three territorial communities were audited. The kitchen factory project is part of the reform of school meals in Ukraine that began before the Russian attack. In its framework, together with the Ministry of Regional Development, three options for the organization of meals at the school were developed: 1. Full cycle kitchen (in educational institutions where there is economic feasibility and technical and technological possibility, everything is cooked on site from scratch). 2. Hub kitchens (food is transported from one powerful kitchen to neighboring schools). 3. Factory kitchen (a large volume of supply, a separate building in which food is cooked, shock freezed and transported to many schools). Such a kitchen factory can prepare 10,000 portions. In this way, water and electricity costs are saved. And the supply of food to children becomes systematized, safe and of high quality. "Yes, our reform of school meals is returning in wartime, because it is within its limits that we planned to build powerful enterprises that will feed not one institution, but a number of them. And this is part of our plan for the restoration of Ukraine, because it must be started now," Olena Zelenska said. The patron of the project is Howard Buffett, an American philanthropist and businessman, the son of the famous investor Warren Buffett. "Mr. Buffett told me he wants to participate in the reconstruction of Ukraine. We decided to start with education, moreover in the de-occupied region, which suffered the most from the Russian invaders," the First Lady said. The main consumers of the products of the new kitchen factory will be schools and pre-school education institutions of Bucha and three communities: Bucha, Nemishajeve, Borodyanka. Production capacity can be reconfigured or expanded to meet the nutritional needs of all segments of the population. In particular, the enterprise will be able to feed temporarily displaced persons and local residents. It is expected that the kitchen factory in Bucha will become a pilot project, and in the future the network of kitchen factories will be extended to the entire territory of Ukraine. Each of them will be able to provide food for 30-40 educational institutions. The educational network in Ukraine includes 14,000 schools and 10,000 preschool institutions. Olena Zelenska thanked Howard Buffett's team, the National Foodservice Association and everyone involved in the pilot project of the kitchen factory in Bucha and called on potential investors to join the reconstruction of Ukraine, which has already begun. It is expected that the installation of equipment and training of personnel will start in the summer of 2023. The kitchen factory in Bucha will start working on September 1, 2023. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine