7 captures 27 Oct 2024 - 12 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241027190853/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/deklaraciya-tretogo-camitu-ukrayina-pivdenno-shidna-yevropa-93761 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Expect More Diplomatic Developments and New Support Packages for Ukraine in the Coming Week – Address by the President 27 October 2024 - 20:31 View all videos n latest news We Expect More Diplomatic Developments and New Support Packages for Ukraine in the Coming Week – Address by the President 27 October 2024 - 20:28 Iryna Vereshchuk Visits Rehabilitation Center and Prosthetic and Orthopedic Facility in Vinnytsia Region 27 October 2024 - 12:12 We Expect the Necessary Increase in Pressure on Russia and More Support for Ukraine – Address by the President 26 October 2024 - 20:02 Withdrawal of Russian Troops and Cessation of Hostilities: Eighth Thematic Conference Was Held Following the First Peace Summit 25 October 2024 - 21:56 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President Received Letters of Credence from the Ambassadors of Foreign Countries 25 October 2024 - 20:02 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Declaration of the Third Ukraine – Southeast Europe Summit 9 October 2024 - 20:12 UKRAINE – SOUTH EAST EUROPE SUMMIT DUBROVNIK DECLARATION We, Prime Minister Andrej Plenković and President Volodymyr Zelenskyy as the co-hosts, as well as President Vjosa Osmani, President Jakov Milatović, President Aleksandar Vučić, President Nataša Pirc Musar, Prime Minister Edi Rama, Chairwoman of the Council of Ministers Borjana Krišto, Prime Minister Dimitar Glavchev, Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis, Prime Minister Hristijan Mickoski, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs Mihai Popșoi, Minister of Foreign Affairs Luminița-Teodora Odobescu, Minister of Foreign Affairs Hakan Fidan and Vice-President of the European Commission Dubravka Šuica gathered on 9 October 2024 in Dubrovnik , Croatia, for the third time in the format of the Ukraine – Southeast Europe Summit. Our work today builds on the deliberations and conclusions of the first and second Ukraine – Southeast Europe Summits, held in Athens , Greece on 21 August 2023 and Tirana , Albania on 28 February 2024, respectively. Today, as the Participants of the Dubrovnik Summit, we issue the following Declaration: Almost 1000 days have passed since the start of Russia’s full-scale military invasion of Ukraine. We condemn this unprovoked, unjustifiable and illegal Russian war of aggression against Ukraine in the strongest possible terms. Russia’s war of aggression is a crime against the Ukrainian people; a flagrant violation of international law, including the UN Charter; and a great threat to peace, security and stability of Southeast Europe, the entire European continent, and the world as a whole. Our support for Ukraine’s independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity within its internationally recognised borders remains absolute. We reconfirm our unwavering commitment to providing continued multifaceted support to Ukraine and its people for as long as it takes. We express our respect and sympathy with the Ukrainian people, who have been resisting Russia’s armed aggression since 2014 with courage, endurance and heroism. Building on the Joint Declaration of the First Parliamentary Summit of the International Crimea Platform, adopted in Zagreb on 25 October 2022 and the results of the 4th Summit of the International Crimea Platform, held in Kyiv on 11 September 2024, we stress our unwavering commitment to the restoration of Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, including Crimea, through further providing Ukraine with comprehensive assistance to counter Russia’s aggression. We fully support the outcomes of the Summit on Peace in Ukraine, held in Switzerland in June 2024. The path to a comprehensive, just, and lasting peace for Ukraine can only be based on international law, including the UN Charter. In this regard, we reaffirm our support to Ukraine’s Peace Formula of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy as an essential framework to restore such a peace. We express our support to Ukraine’s efforts in this direction and stress our readiness to participate actively in the implementation of the points of the Peace Formula. We urge the whole International Community, in its efforts to restore international peace and security globally, to intensify its support for Ukraine in its ongoing struggle for freedom, independence and territorial integrity. In parallel, we urge all countries not to provide material or other support for Russia’s war of aggression. We recalled the relevance of alignment with the European Union’s Common Foreign and Security Policy decisions and measures. We stress that any form of aggression against a sovereign state is unacceptable. All countries must refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity, sovereignty or political independence of any state. In this context, we emphasise that the withdrawal of Russian troops and military equipment from the entire territory of Ukraine, cessation of hostilities and restoration of Ukraine’s full control over its state borders, are non-negotiable conditions for the restoration of peace. We condemn in the strongest possible terms any attempts by Russia to forcibly and illegally annex parts of Ukraine’s territory. Such attempts represent a blatant violation of international law, including the UN Charter, and Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. The Autonomous Republic of Crimea, the City of Sevastopol, Donetsk, Kherson, Luhansk and Zaporizhzhia regions are integral parts of Ukraine. In this context, we consider the so-called “elections” held by Russia in March and September 2024 on Ukrainian territory to be null and void. We reiterate our determination to intensify joint efforts to ensure further progress and mutual support to Southeast European partners, Ukraine, the Republic of Moldova and Georgia on their path towards EU membership on a merit-based approach. The accession of these new members to the European Union is the best guarantee of regional stability, security and prosperity. We welcome the opening of EU accession negotiations with Ukraine, as well as with Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Republic of Moldova. We welcome that, at the NATO Washington Summit, Allies reiterated their commitment to continue to support Ukraine on its irreversible path to full Euro-Atlantic integration, including NATO membership. We again underline our firm commitment of bringing to justice those individuals responsible for the crime of aggression, crimes against humanity and war crimes committed during Russia’s war of aggression against Ukraine. We note Ukraine's ratification of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court as an important step towards justice for the most serious crimes of concern to the International Community and emphasise the importance of ensuring the Court's ability to exercise its jurisdiction fully. We agree to continue to cooperate and focus our efforts on the release of all prisoners of war, unlawfully detained persons, and the return of all illegally deported and forcibly relocated Ukrainians, especially children. We agree that the topics of food security and demining intersect and mutually reinforce one another. In line with the conclusions of the International Donors’ Conference on Humanitarian Demining in Ukraine, which was held in Zagreb on 11 and 12 October 2023, we discussed demining in the context of Ukraine’s recovery, as the crucial first step towards the safe return of people and resumption of economic and agricultural activity. Food security must not be weaponised. Ukrainian agricultural products should be safely and freely provided to interested countries. In this regard, free, full and safe commercial navigation, in line with international law, as well as access to sea ports in the Black and Azov Seas, are critical. Attacks on merchant ships in ports and along the entire route, as well as against civilian ports and civilian port infrastructure, are unacceptable. We underscore the critical importance of Ukraine’s energy security, especially taking into account the upcoming winter. Ukrainian power stations and energy grid continue to suffer massive damage as a result of Russia’s systematic and deliberate attacks. Today, we examined the options to step up our efforts – including further mobilising the private sector – in providing Ukraine with the equipment and financing needed to mitigate the consequences. We also underscore the need for more coordination and planning at regional level and for efficient electricity interconnectors in order to absorb the shock of the damage caused by Russia’s attacks. We also emphasise that any use of nuclear energy and nuclear installations must be safe, secured, safe-guarded and environmentally sound. In this context, we stress that the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant must return under full sovereign control of Ukraine and operate safely and securely in line with IAEA seven indispensable pillars and five concrete principles and under its supervision. We express our commitment to continue participating in the ongoing and post-war recovery and reconstruction of Ukraine, in order to enable the Ukrainian people to rebuild their country, engaging all relevant partners, including private companies and international financial institutions, with the aim of securing the financial support, investments and expertise needed to ensure a prosperous future for Ukraine. There can be no free, peaceful and prosperous Europe without a free, peaceful and prosperous Ukraine. The commitment of the Participants of the Ukraine – Southeast Europe Dubrovnik Summit to this goal remains ironclad. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Croatia 9 October 2024 - 12:27 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Croatia 9 October 2024 - 12:27 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine