7 captures 13 Nov 2023 - 08 Jul 2025 Oct NOV Dec 13 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231113204337/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-u-vashingtoni-proviv-zustrich-iz-derzhavnim-se-86985 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is a matter of principle for Ukraine to implement all seven recommendations of the European Commission and fulfill everything that is required at this point of our path to the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 November 2023 - 20:36 View all videos n latest news It is a matter of principle for Ukraine to implement all seven recommendations of the European Commission and fulfill everything that is required at this point of our path to the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 November 2023 - 20:34 Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Washington, DC 13 November 2023 - 19:59 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the leader of the Crimean Tatar people Mustafa Dzhemilev and awarded him the title of Hero of Ukraine 13 November 2023 - 16:00 Helping Ukraine today is not only about saving the Ukrainian nation, it is about protecting the entire free world - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with Ukrainian and Crimean Tatar communities in Washington 13 November 2023 - 09:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Washington, DC 13 November 2023 - 19:59 During a working visit to the United States as part of the Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Economy Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken. The meeting was also attended by Acting Deputy Secretary of State and Under Secretary for Political Affairs Victoria Nuland, Deputy Assistant Secretary for European and Eurasian Affairs Christopher Smith and other representatives of the U.S. Department of State. The Ukrainian side was represented by First Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Economy Yuliia Svyrydenko, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine to the United States Oksana Markarova, Deputy Minister of Justice Iryna Mudra, and Advisors to the Head of the Presidential Office Dariia Zarivna and Vladyslav Vlasiuk. "Each of our meetings is a new proof of a true strategic partnership between our countries. We are witnessing a truly unprecedented level of coordination with the United States. This year alone, our presidents have held four meetings," the Head of the Presidential Office noted. On behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Andriy Yermak expressed his profound gratitude to the administration of President Joseph Biden, both houses of the U.S. Congress and the entire American people for the unprecedented assistance provided to our country in the fight against Russian aggression. "The support and assistance of the United States is critical to guaranteeing stability in our country and bringing victory closer," he said. Andriy Yermak thanked the White House for sending a request for funding to help Ukraine and expressed hope that it would be approved by U.S. lawmakers. The Head of the Presidential Office informed Antony Blinken on the situation at the front. He stated that American weapons had proved their effectiveness on the battlefield and helped deter the Russian aggressor. Andriy Yermak also informed the Secretary of State about the priority needs of the Ukrainian defense forces. The importance of providing our country with air defense equipment was emphasized. "As winter approaches, we expect the intensification of Russian missile terror. Therefore, we are in great need of air defense systems that will protect Ukrainian cities, key critical infrastructure facilities, as well as the "grain corridor" routes," the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine emphasized. Andriy Yermak emphasized the importance of concluding a bilateral agreement between Ukraine and the United States on security guarantees as soon as possible to implement the G7 Joint Declaration of Support for our country signed in Vilnius on July 12 this year. During the meeting, the parties had a wide ranging exchange of views on other issues on the bilateral agenda, including stepping up sanctions pressure on the aggressor country and elaborating a mechanism for channeling frozen Russian assets to rebuild Ukraine. The parties also paid attention to the situation in the Middle East. "We are extremely grateful that the United States is standing side by side with Ukraine at this crucial historical moment. Future generations depend on our ability to defend freedom today. That is why I am confident that during this meeting we will focus on the steps that will help us prevail," said Andriy Yermak. ph Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 ph Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine