9 captures 05 May 2023 - 25 Mar 2025 Apr MAY Jun 05 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230505174434/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-hochemo-otrimati-politichnij-signal-yakij-uzhe-sogodni-ch-82597 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are doing everything so that the world hears Ukraine, understands and helps our state – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 May 2023 - 20:27 View all videos n latest news We are doing everything so that the world hears Ukraine, understands and helps our state – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 May 2023 - 20:27 OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights published a report on Russia's violation of the rights of Ukrainian children and their forced deportation 5 May 2023 - 17:44 Two more areas added to United24: "Education and Science" and "Demining" – Volodymyr Zelenskyy speaking at United24 Summit 5 May 2023 - 17:41 Over the year, the United24 fundraising platform raised more than $325 million in contributions 5 May 2023 - 16:40 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Official visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of the Netherlands 4 May 2023 - 12:38 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office We want to receive a political signal that will clearly establish Ukraine's future in NATO today - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with media representatives 2 May 2023 - 23:15 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with Ukrainian and foreign journalists. The event was also attended by Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva. The key topic was the discussion of strategic security issues, including the elaboration of conditions for Ukraine's accession to NATO with international partners, interim security guarantees, military, technical and humanitarian support for our country, and other issues. According to Andriy Yermak, Ukraine expects a clear signal from the Alliance in support of its membership at the upcoming NATO Summit in Vilnius. At the same time, the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized the importance of providing our country with effective security guarantees for the entire period preceding its full integration into the Alliance. "We see an opportunity to make these guarantees real, and they should be in place before Ukraine joins NATO. We also want to receive a political signal that will clearly establish Ukraine's future in NATO today, and there will be no turning back. It will only be a matter of time," emphasized Andriy Yermak. He added that Ukraine is making every effort, working individually with each country and finding appropriate arguments to dispel any doubts about the fact that our country has no alternative to joining the Alliance. Further increasing economic pressure on Russia was also an important topic of discussion. According to Andriy Yermak, the Sanctions Plan 2.0 recently presented by the McFaul-Yermak Group provides for a set of measures that will increase the influence on the aggressor country and reduce its military potential. In this context, it primarily involves the G7 countries. The Head of the President's Office also expressed hope for continued dialogue with the countries of the Global South and their involvement in the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula proposed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The parties also discussed the implementation of the grain deal. Special attention was paid to the work of the authorities to release Ukrainians in captivity. "The most important value for us is and will always be the life and health of every person. We adhere to this unwavering principle, repeatedly voiced by President Zelenskyy, in all key issues. In particular, when planning our counteroffensive, in the process of returning our prisoners of war, and in the implementation of the humanitarian food program for the countries suffering from hunger," the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine