14 captures 19 Oct 2021 - 08 Feb 2026 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071638/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-u-mariupoli-meta-novitnogo-vijska-ukrayini-pr-71105 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President in Mariupol: The purpose of the modern army of Ukraine is to multiply the glorious traditions of the Zaporozhian Sich and think beyond stereotypes 14 October 2021 - 21:42 During his visit to Mariupol, Donetsk region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Ukrainian servicemen on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine and presented state awards. "Now I am here, in the east of Ukraine, in the city of Mariupol. In its history, as well as in the history of many cities of our Ukrainian Donbas, there are at least three very important dates: September 10, 1943, when Mariupol was liberated by our grandfathers and great-grandfathers. June 13, 2014, when the city was liberated by their grandchildren and great-grandchildren. And October 14 every year, when grandparents and grandchildren, and in general hundreds of thousands of the best sons and daughters of our homeland celebrate a professional holiday - the Day of Defenders of Ukraine," said the President. The President reminded that in addition to Mariupol, in 2014 Lyman, Slovyansk, Kramatorsk, Druzhkivka, Kostiantynivka, Bakhmut, Siversk, Toretsk, Avdiivka, Krasnohorivka, Maryinka, Rubizhne, Severodonetsk, Shchastya, Lysychansk and many other cities of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions were liberated from occupation and the sovereignty and independence of Ukraine were preserved. "Thousands of heroes have done this hard and very important job at the cost of their lives. And we will never forget everyone who died defending our state," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The attendees honored the memory of the deceased with a moment of silence. The Head of State recalled the words of the German and French historian Jean Benoı̂t Scherer, who described the Zaporozhian Cossacks in his chronicle: “Raised as Spartans and accustomed to war as Romans, they however never sought to conquer foreign lands. Only to protect their altars and hearths. What they could never come to terms with is non-freedom". "The goal of our modern army of Ukraine is to inherit and multiply the glorious traditions of the Zaporozhian Sich," the President said. At the same time, the Head of State called for thinking beyond stereotypes and destroying them. He stressed that the defenders of Ukraine are not only brave Ukrainian servicemen, men and women. They are, in particular, volunteers who in 2014 simply went from Maidan to the east to defend the Homeland. "Without armor, but with a steel spirit. In sneakers, T-shirts, without uniform, but everyone recognized each other by eyes full of righteous wrath from that injustice. The desire and readiness to defend their Ukrainian homeland from Russian aggression with anything - even with a stick, even with bare hands," the President said. The defenders of Ukraine are also volunteers who were in touch 24/7 and ensured that the Ukrainian military on the frontline had the necessary items, the President said. "Volunteers are a separate kind of troops - forces with a big heart," he added. According to the President, doctors, nurses and paramedics who went to the frontline to save the lives of soldiers in the terrible conditions of the war also played a huge role in defending Ukraine. "How many fighters have not lost limbs thanks to their timely and important help. How many have not lost heart, have not lost faith in people thanks to their selfless help,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. "Our defenders are also our journalists. Those who were true to the standards of their profession. Who called war a war. Who protected our minds, our logic, our critical thinking… Our defenders are musicians, actors and other cultural figures who have been on the frontline since the first days, defending the souls of our fighters, giving happiness to those who will go to battle tomorrow, and anything can happen," the President said, expressing his belief that it also motivated Ukrainian soldiers to return alive. Ukrainian defenders are also our lawyers and diplomats who have been fighting for Ukraine in the legal field and in the international arena since 2014. And also - military chaplains who fight with the enemy with their prayers, the Head of State added. Another important type of troops, according to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, are military families: children, wives, parents. "It simply can’t be forgotten. And it is written by a child's hand on a picture made by your child. And with this picture in a breast pocket warriors go to battle. And this is your best amulet," the President said. "These are all our defenders. How many? Millions. And, being in the JFO area today, I am very glad to have the opportunity to congratulate all of you on this great national holiday - the Day of Defenders of Ukraine," he added. Volodymyr Zelenskyy assured that the Ukrainian state will protect the people who protect it. "On land, at sea, in the air, in cyberspace. For us, for the future. For peace. For the sake of future peace," he stressed. In addition, the Head of State presented state awards to servicemen of the Armed Forces and other military formations and law enforcement agencies, as well as awarded the highest military and special ranks. Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the Concept of Development of the Maritime Guard of the State Border Service of Ukraine, which has been operating since June 2019, the plans to upgrade the fleet, as well as planned international projects aimed to develop maritime security infrastructure of the State Border Service of Ukraine. ph Working trip of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Donetsk and Luhansk regions 14 October 2021 - 17:08 ph Working trip of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Donetsk and Luhansk regions 14 October 2021 - 17:08 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine