5 captures 23 Mar 2022 - 11 Aug 2025 Feb MAR Apr 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220323225215/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/delegaciyi-ukrayini-ta-slovachchini-obgovorili-pitannya-pokr-57317 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:30 View all videos n latest news Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:18 Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Delegations of Ukraine and Slovakia discussed the improvement of business climate, holding of reforms and fight against smuggling 16 September 2019 - 14:01 During the negotiations chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of Slovakia Zuzana Čaputová, the delegations of the two countries discussed the issues of improving business climate, increasing investments, combating smuggling and holding further reforms. Particular attention was paid to the fight against smuggling during the meeting in Kyiv. The Heads of State noted that Ukraine and Slovakia had five border crossing points where control was needed. The interlocutors stressed the need to combat smuggling at the legislative level. The Slovak President confirmed that both countries were interested in that. The parties also discussed the establishment of a new crossing point, which should become another "window to Europe". Zuzana Čaputová reaffirmed Slovakia's support for Ukraine's European integration aspirations. In this context, Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that Ukraine would continue implementing reforms on the path to the EU. He put an emphasis on the concept of “electronic state”. “We have an important project - “A State in a Smartphone”. We want to move away from paperwork. The best IT specialists are involved in this project,” the President of Ukraine told. Separately, the Head of State emphasized Slovakia's position on Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also thanked for the rehabilitation of the Ukrainian military and their families. The delegations of Ukraine and Slovakia also discussed the possibility of joint film production. ph Events involving the Presidents of Ukraine and Slovakia 16 September 2019 - 12:29 ph Events involving the Presidents of Ukraine and Slovakia 16 September 2019 - 12:29 © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine