8 captures 01 Aug 2020 - 12 Sep 2024 Mar APR May 01 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220401072759/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ce-dopomozhe-zberegti-zhittya-ukrayinskih-ditej-prezident-uz-62489 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We all equally want to win, but there will be battles ahead - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 April 2022 - 00:13 View all videos n latest news We all equally want to win, but there will be battles ahead - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 April 2022 - 00:05 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Federal Parliament of Belgium 31 March 2022 - 16:55 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the States General of the Netherlands 31 March 2022 - 13:31 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Australian Parliament 31 March 2022 - 11:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Current events This will help save lives of Ukrainian children - President took part in the opening of the second line of the new building of “Okhmatdyt” 29 July 2020 - 14:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the National Children's Specialized Hospital "Okhmatdyt". The Head of State took part in the opening of the second line of the new building of the medical institution, which includes the launch of six new departments. The President was informed that the new departments are ready for work, but are still waiting for additional equipment. After its arrival and installation due to the commissioning of a new medical and diagnostic complex NDSL "Okhmatdyt" of the Ministry of Health of Ukraine, the number of beds will increase from 620 to 720, and the number of operating theaters - from 6 to 12. It is also planned to increase the number of treated cases from 20 thousand to 32 thousand per year. Due to the increase in the number of intensive care beds, three times more patients will receive medical care. In addition, the number of surgeries per year will increase from 10 thousand to 18 thousand. Volodymyr Zelenskyy checked the infrastructure and prospects of the surgical oncology department. During a conversation with Acting Director of Okhmatdyt Yuriy Dovbnya, the President promised to assist the hospital in resolving the issue of purchasing additional medical equipment. Volodymyr Zelenskyy was told that Okhmatdyt is now the only hospital in Ukraine that can provide a full range of pediatric oncology services to young patients free of charge and quickly. In addition, the local laboratory is equipped with the latest equipment, it performs more than 100 thousand high-quality laboratory tests per year. There are opportunities to provide laboratory support for bone marrow transplantation. "Okhmatdyt" will be able to perform 50-100 family and non-family bone marrow transplantations given all personnel positions are occupied. The need for such operations in Ukraine is 200-250 cases per year. Currently, the hospital performs up to 25 family transplantations per year. The President got himself acquainted with the work of the reference laboratory for laboratory diagnosis of oncohematological diseases, in particular with the peculiarities of hematological research and the work of the laboratory of medical genetics. The President also inspected the manipulative and surgical operating theaters. In addition, Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to the medical staff of the institution. The Head of State was asked to control the allocation of sufficient funds for the last, third stage of construction of the building, which envisages the provision of state-of-the-art equipment for 12 modern operating rooms. The President stressed that the opening of new departments of “Okhmatdyt” will save the lives of many children. "Today is a beautiful, fantastic day for us - the opening of the fantastic building of the fantastic hospital "Okhmatdyt". Six new departments have been opened. This will help save lives of Ukrainian children," the President said during a conversation with the media after visiting the hospital. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the new departments are equipped with the latest medical equipment, as it should be in a high-quality world-class hospital. "It was a request from doctors, a request from children, a request from professionals - and we responded to that. The best equipment in the world is here today,” the President said. "I congratulate everyone on having such a diagnostic center. It is a wonderful feeling that we help our children not in words, but in deeds,” the Head of State emphasized. The Head of State also stressed that it is very important that the new departments of “Okhmatdyt” will be able to provide a high level of disease diagnosis, which previously had to be done abroad paying for it several times more than these procedures cost in Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine