1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031841/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=33 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a member of the Republican Party, former Governor of New Jersey Christopher Christie 4 August 2023 - 16:38 The President emphasized the importance of increasing assistance from partners for reliable protection against Russian missile terror and successful liberation of the temporarily occupied Ukrainian territories. Ukraine has started negotiations with the US on bilateral agreement on security commitments 3 August 2023 - 22:48 These security commitments will reinforce Ukraine’s progress towards future membership in the Euro-Atlantic community, including the EU and NATO, which is the ultimate goal and the most reliable guarantee of security. Everyone must work for the victory, for the protection of people and Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 August 2023 - 21:45 There were many meetings today. Different ones. International work, internal security, defense of the state. We are working to have more air defense systems. In particular, this is a task for each of our ambassadors, all representatives of Ukraine. Olena Zelenska: Spouses of Ukrainian diplomats are becoming a separate effective force 3 August 2023 - 14:02 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with representatives of Spouses of Ukrainian Diplomats Association. President met with the Hungarian community in Zakarpattia and presented state awards to the warriors 2 August 2023 - 23:23 "I am grateful that the warriors from Zakarpattia are fighting so heroically and effectively against the Russian occupiers for the sake of our country and our common freedom. They are fighting in different combat brigades. We are all citizens of Ukraine: ethnic Hungarians, ethnic Ukrainians, and all our other national communities. We all defend our country, we all help our warriors, all our heroes," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Olena Zelenska at the Conference of Ambassadors: Today, each of us is an ambassador of Ukraine and a defender of its interests 2 August 2023 - 21:50 Speaking to the ambassadors, the President's wife thanked them for their cooperation, in particular in the preparation of the third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen to be held in Ukraine in September. Zakarpattia will be one of the drivers of development for the whole of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 21:33 Relocation of business and creation of new jobs in different communities of the region is an important area of work. Facilities for the rehabilitation of our warriors are the right projects. Many initiatives to develop the economy of Zakarpattia. President held a meeting on socio-economic and security situation in Zakarpattia region 2 August 2023 - 21:21 During a working trip to Zakarpattia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a coordination meeting on the economic, social and security situation in the region. President: Our goal is to return people home, preserve their ties with Ukraine 2 August 2023 - 21:09 One of the mandatory tasks of Ukrainian diplomats around the world is to protect Ukrainians. The embassies of Ukraine should be assistants to our people and, if necessary, rescuers. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an emergency meeting with the heads of foreign diplomatic missions of Ukraine held in Zakarpattia region. Every new foreign investment in Ukraine is one more step towards our victory - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 20:51 Today, Ukrainian diplomats must work to enhance the interaction of our country's regions and cities with cities and regions of other countries for the sake of reconstruction and development. Other priorities include attracting investment, new technologies, and increasing economic activity in Ukraine. 1 2 ... 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine