5 captures 27 Feb 2024 - 12 Sep 2025 Jan FEB Mar 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240227032809/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-dvostoronni-zustrichi-z-sharlem-mishel-87177 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Cooperation and determination are the two answers to the question of ending the war and bringing peace closer – address by the President of Ukraine 26 February 2024 - 19:34 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the forum "26-2-14: The War Began in Crimea" 27 February 2024 - 00:19 Ukraine launched negotiations with Norway on the conclusion of a bilateral security agreement 26 February 2024 - 20:00 The task of the year is to prove that we can deprive Russia of the advantage in the sky, in politics and in financing aggression – President's address to the leaders of the EU and the U.S. at the summit on support for Ukraine in Paris 26 February 2024 - 19:53 Cooperation and determination are the two answers to the question of ending the war and bringing peace closer – address by the President of Ukraine 26 February 2024 - 19:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's participation in the forum of the International Platform for the Release of Civilians Illegally Detained in Russia 26 February 2024 - 18:20 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President had bilateral meetings with Charles Michel and Maia Sandu 21 November 2023 - 16:23 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held bilateral meetings with President of the European Council Charles Michel and President of the Republic of Moldova Maia Sandu, who are on a visit to Ukraine. The Head of State thanked the President of the European Council for the visit on the Day of Dignity and Freedom and noted the importance of the assistance for Ukraine in the time of full-scale Russian invasion. "I am pleased with all the results of our great work. Of all of us - the parliament, the government - in implementing all the recommendations (of the European Commission - ed.). We really look forward to a powerful decision in December," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine emphasized that our country also counts on continued financial and military assistance. During the meeting with the President of Moldova, the Head of State emphasized the importance of further development of joint infrastructure projects. The leaders discussed expanding opportunities for Ukrainian exports, in particular through the territory of Moldova. "Ukraine and Moldova have a common goal - membership in the European Union. And they are moving together to realize this goal. It is very symbolic that now, ten years after our Revolution of Dignity, we stand together. Together, we are delivering results for our countries and strengthening both our region and the whole of Europe," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The heads of state emphasized the importance of developing regional cooperation. The presidents discussed security issues and the challenges facing Ukraine and Moldova in the winter. The leaders coordinated steps on bilateral cooperation in the energy sector. ph Volodymyr Zelenskyy's meeting with the President of the European Council and the President of Moldova 21 November 2023 - 16:26 ph Volodymyr Zelenskyy's meeting with the President of the European Council and the President of Moldova 21 November 2023 - 16:26 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine