9 captures 04 Dec 2022 - 15 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221204162257/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:10 View all videos n latest news Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:07 Andriy Yermak meets with Victoria Nuland who arrived in Ukraine on visit 3 December 2022 - 19:50 President, First Lady of Ukraine visit World of Skovoroda exhibition in Ukrainian House 3 December 2022 - 19:15 First Lady Olena Zelenska opens Philosophy of Ability forum devoted to International Day of People with Disabilities 3 December 2022 - 18:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President met with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity 2 December 2022 - 21:31 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Roman Mashovets discussed the current situation on the fronts of the Russian-Ukrainian war with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine 12 October 2022 - 20:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets held a meeting with Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda. If Ukraine loses, Russia will dominate in Europe and impose its values on it - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Le Figaro 12 October 2022 - 11:56 The only way to win the war unleashed by the Russian Federation is to stop being afraid of Russia and multiply Ukraine's tactical victories. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with the French newspaper Le Figaro. Russia cannot defeat Ukraine on the battlefield, so it resorts to the greatest terror since World War II - Andriy Yermak 10 October 2022 - 21:53 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak emphasizes that Ukraine will continue to liberate its territories and approach victory in the war with Russia. He said this while taking part in The Cipher Brief, an event dedicated to security issues, in a video conference format. Andriy Yermak discusses security assistance to Ukraine with chair of Bundestag defense committee 7 October 2022 - 19:45 The main topics of the negotiations were: the need for the strongest possible international reaction to Russia's illegal attempts to annex Ukrainian territories, as well as ways to strengthen defense assistance to our state from Germany. Kyrylo Tymoshenko takes part in "Ukraine During the War. Economy. Security. Energy. Recovery Prospects" conference in Warsaw 7 October 2022 - 12:08 Ukraine is counting on the support of international partners, including the expert environment, in the restoration of housing and social infrastructure destroyed due to the Russian invasion. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko said this while speaking online at the "Ukraine During the War. Economy. Security. Energy. Recovery Prospects" conference, which took place in Warsaw (Poland). A Symbol of Perseverance: the United24 platform presented bracelets made of metal from "Azovstal", the proceeds from the sale of which will go to support the Armed Forces 6 October 2022 - 10:31 Fundraising platform United24, initiated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, launched the project "Azovstal. A Symbol of Perseverance" to raise funds to support Ukraine during the war. The first part of the initiative is the charitable release of bracelets made from the last pre-war batch of metal from the Azovstal plant. Andriy Yermak discussed with the diplomats of the Scandinavian countries the situation at the front and strengthening the capabilities of the defense forces of Ukraine 5 October 2022 - 20:16 Andriy Yermak informed the attendees about Ukraine's success in resisting a full-scale Russian invasion. He emphasized: it is extremely important for our country that partners have comprehensive information about the events at the front, as the security situation in Ukraine depends on it. Ihor Zhovkva held phone consultations with the diplomatic advisors to the Prime Minister of Portugal and the Prime Minister of Spain 5 October 2022 - 18:32 The interlocutors were informed about the liberation by the Armed Forces of Ukraine of a significant number of settlements in the Southern and Eastern directions. Andriy Yermak met with the President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda 3 October 2022 - 23:28 During his stay in Warsaw, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda. Andriy Yermak in Türkiye organized a meeting of the defenders of "Azovstal" with members of their families 3 October 2022 - 19:10 Andriy Yermak, on behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and personally, expressed gratitude and sincere respect to the Ukrainian military for their courage, bravery and resilience. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 36 37 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine