1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309023909/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=76 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Justin Trudeau discussed the aggravation of the situation in Donbas and support for Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration 6 April 2021 - 17:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau. The President of Ukraine thanked the interlocutor for Canada’s consistent support of Ukraine, which is especially valuable in the difficult times of the current aggravation of the security situation in Donbas. We must help the business that suffered during the lockdown as soon as possible - President at a conference call 6 April 2021 - 13:54 The supply of vaccines and the number of vaccinated people will increase this month. This was discussed at a conference call on preventing the spread of COVID-19 chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Secretary General of NATO 6 April 2021 - 12:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg discussed the aggravation of the security situation in Donbas. President of Ukraine discussed security situation in Donbas with the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 5 April 2021 - 21:27 The Head of State informed the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom about the aggravation of the situation in Donbas, the increase of the Russian military contingent near the Ukrainian-Russian border and Russia's attempts to disrupt the implementation of the Minsk agreements. Ukraine and Qatar are interested in developing relations in energy, food security, infrastructure and law enforcement spheres - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 April 2021 - 16:22 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy considers the official visit to the State of Qatar extremely successful, as it will boost relations between the two countries to a new level. In the framework of this visit, 13 important interstate documents and 2 commercial contracts were signed, which will attract billions of investments into the Ukrainian economy. During an official visit of Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the State of Qatar, a number of documents were signed 5 April 2021 - 16:09 A number of bilateral documents were signed in the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, who is on an official visit to the State of Qatar, and Emir of Qatar Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani. President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister, Minister of Interior of the State of Qatar 5 April 2021 - 14:11 The parties commended the high level of Ukrainian-Qatari relations based on the principles of trust, mutual respect and partnership. President of Ukraine and Emir of Qatar discussed prospects for expanding trade, economic and investment cooperation 5 April 2021 - 13:50 During an official visit to the State of Qatar, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Emir of Qatar Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani. Interview of the President of Ukraine to the Qatari media 5 April 2021 - 09:22 Interview of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Qatari media. President of Ukraine to pay an official visit to the State of Qatar 4 April 2021 - 12:00 On April 5, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Mrs. Olena Zelenska will pay an official visit to the State of Qatar. 1 2 ... 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine