1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050439/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=91 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President congratulated the employees and veterans of the Security Service on their professional holiday 25 March 2021 - 13:01 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated the employees and veterans of the Security Service of Ukraine on their professional holiday and the 29th anniversary of the Security Service of Ukraine. Andriy Yermak met with G7 and EU ambassadors and urged them to support Ukraine in its efforts to return to the ceasefire in Donbas 22 March 2021 - 19:34 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with the Ambassadors of the G7 and the European Union to Ukraine, which took place in the format of a video conference. President met with the President of the EBRD 22 March 2021 - 18:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) Odile Renaud-Basso. Speeding up vaccination and support for people and business in "red" zones were discussed at a meeting with the President 22 March 2021 - 13:36 Kyiv, Vinnytsia and Ivano-Frankivsk regions currently have the largest dynamics of growth in the number of patients with COVID-19. This was announced at a conference call on preventing the spread of COVID-19, which took place under the leadership of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the latest decisions of the National Security and Defense Council and strengthening of quarantine in some regions 19 March 2021 - 21:11 A regular meeting of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine took place today. We continue to restore justice where someone believed that his personal financial appetites could be stronger than the interests of the state and the people of Ukraine, and that his own pockets were more important than the state treasury. Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Lina Kostenko on her birthday: Your strength and talent never cease to fascinate and inspire 19 March 2021 - 18:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy sent birthday greetings to Ukrainian poet Lina Kostenko. Reforms are needed not for the sake of reforms, but to make life easier for citizens and businesses - President at a meeting of the National Reform Council 19 March 2021 - 17:56 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the National Reform Council to discuss the availability of cashless payments, changes to labor legislation, a new model of car customs clearance, as well as land relations. Cooperation with Germany is of special importance for Ukraine's European integration - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 March 2021 - 11:41 Ukraine seeks to synchronize and integrate its economy into the economic system of the European Union, and cooperation with Germany is of particular importance in this regard. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the video address to the participants of the Fourth Ukrainian-German Business Forum. Ihor Zhovkva: The conclusion of the Declaration on the European Prospect of Ukraine is an important step towards the realization of the strategic goal of our state 19 March 2021 - 11:17 The official visit of President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda to Ukraine was extremely productive. This was announced by Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva. At a meeting of advisers to the leaders of the "Normandy Four" held as a video conference the parties discussed the return to full ceasefire in Donbas 18 March 2021 - 22:11 On Thursday, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak took part in a meeting of political advisers to the leaders of the "Normandy Four", which took place in the format of a video conference. 1 2 ... 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 ... 97 98 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine