19 captures 20 Mar 2023 - 11 Jul 2025 Feb MAR Apr 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230320233437/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-sogodni-kilka-vazhlivih-oboronnih-rishen-te-sho-neobh-81697 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today we have several important defense decisions what is necessary to support our warriors – address by the President of Ukraine 20 March 2023 - 21:38 View all videos n latest news Today we have several important defense decisions what is necessary to support our warriors – address by the President of Ukraine 20 March 2023 - 21:36 First ship with 30 thousand tons of Ukrainian wheat arrived in Kenya as part of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program 20 March 2023 - 17:05 The Ukrainian Center, established at the initiative of Olena Zelenska and Diana Nausėdienė, has been operating in Vilnius for over nine months now 20 March 2023 - 14:11 Expelling the occupier, clearing our land of traces of the evil state, punishing terrorists are our tasks that we will fulfill - address by the President of Ukraine 19 March 2023 - 20:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Today we have several important defense decisions what is necessary to support our warriors – address by the President of Ukraine 20 March 2023 - 21:36 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! We have several important decisions today, primarily defense decisions. Our European partners have agreed on a joint plan to accelerate the supply of shells for our artillery. This decision is worth 2 billion euros. It provides for both emergency supply and production of ammunition. This is a strategic step. It gives us confidence in our unity, in the immutability of the movement towards victory over the terrorist state. I am thankful to all our partners in Europe! To everyone who is truly interested in making Europe strong and free. A new defense package from the United States was also announced today. The amount is 350 million dollars. These are rockets for HIMARS, artillery shells and other ammunition - everything we really need to support our warriors. I am grateful to President Biden, Congress, and all Americans! I held three international conversations today. With Austrian Chancellor Nehammer, we discussed our bilateral cooperation - humanitarian and political issues. We also discussed our joint opportunities to restore justice violated by Russian aggression. I thanked Austria for joining the group that is preparing the establishment of a Special Tribunal on Russia's aggression against our country. I also thanked Ireland - Mr. Prime Minister - for his country's accession to this group. The circle of partners willing to work together to punish Russia for its aggression is inevitably expanding, making the prospect of punishment more and more realistic. It is not enough to bring to justice those responsible for crimes caused by aggression. It is also necessary to punish - quite fairly and legally - the original crime that gave rise to all the other crimes of this war. This is exactly what the Special Tribunal will provide. Every day we bring its creation closer. By the way, today this issue, as well as our joint work with the International Criminal Court, was discussed in London during the conference of European ministers of justice. I addressed the participants of the Conference and urged them to support all elements of international efforts to ensure that the aggressor is surely punished. It is very important that we discussed with both the Austrian Chancellor and the Irish Prime Minister the possibilities of medical treatment and rehabilitation of our people who were wounded by Russian weapons. With Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte, we focused on defense issues, on quite practical steps that will help implement our Peace Formula. I informed him about the situation on the frontline, our main needs and capabilities. I thank Mr. Prime Minister for his full understanding of the situation and for his unwavering belief that the power of European values is stronger than Russia's hatred of European freedom. Today, as always, I would like to commend our warriors. All those who are fighting for our country. The 56th and 57th separate motorized infantry brigades - thank you guys! Thank you for your strength and resilience in the defense of Bakhmut! The warriors of the 72nd Black Zaporizhian separate mechanized brigade, paratroopers of the 79th brigade, marines of the 35th and 36th separate brigades, the 74th separate reconnaissance battalion, our artillerymen of the 55th Zaporizhzhia Sich brigade - I am glad to be able to steadily thank you for the results, for your strength, for your resilience in Donetsk region! Kherson direction... The 406th separate artillery brigade and the 131st separate reconnaissance battalion - well done, guys! Always accurate, always strong! I am grateful to each and every one who is now in combat! Glory to all who defend the independence of our country! Thank you to everyone who helps! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine