8 captures 08 May 2022 - 08 Feb 2026 Apr MAY Jun 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Mark Graham Archive-It Partner 1028: Mark Graham Collection: "Fake News" II (2019) Archive-It Partner 1028: Mark Graham - Collection 12099: "Fake News" II (2019) TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220508085306/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-smirnov-obgovoriv-z-delegaciyeyu-amnesty-internationa-74797 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on the Day of Remembrance and Reconciliation 8 May 2022 - 09:10 View all videos n latest news Address by the President of Ukraine on the Day of Remembrance and Reconciliation 8 May 2022 - 09:05 Evil returns when human rights and the law are violated and culture is destroyed; this is exactly what happened to Russia - address by the President of Ukraine 7 May 2022 - 22:41 President held a meeting on fuel supply and execution of the state budget 7 May 2022 - 14:16 Ihor Zhovkva met with MPs of countries that are members of the United 4 Ukraine international network 7 May 2022 - 09:27 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the ceremony of awarding state awards to servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and families of fallen defenders 6 May 2022 - 13:46 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Smyrnov discussed with Amnesty International delegation the establishment of special international tribunal on Russian crimes 5 May 2022 - 16:43 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Smyrnov met with a delegation of the international non-governmental human rights organization Amnesty International led by Secretary General Agnès Callamard. Agnès Callamard stressed that Amnesty International seeks to focus the attention of as many countries as possible on the problem of the war in Ukraine. In particular, the organization plans to interact with representatives of the media and civil society. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President noted that Ukraine needs strong support from the international community in documenting war crimes committed by Russia in our country. According to him, the International Criminal Court is already working on the cases in which evidence of Russian crimes during the war in Ukraine is being investigated, but the inevitability of punishment for top officials of the aggressor country must be inevitable. Andriy Smyrnov stressed the importance of establishing a special international criminal tribunal, which will be able to quickly assess the evidence of crimes of Russian aggression against Ukraine. "Active multi-level consultations are underway at various international platforms on the need to establish and launch a mechanism for such a tribunal," said the Deputy Head of the Office of the President. He noted that last week the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe adopted two resolutions calling for the establishment of an international tribunal. "Ukraine's representation at the level of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Justice and the President's Office is involved in the negotiation process with allied countries, with which the model and forms of operation of such a tribunal are being discussed," Andriy Smyrnov said. "Given the obvious signs of aggression, all the evidence that the civilized world has seen, the horrible crimes committed by the aggressor country - Russia, in my opinion, the assessment of this fact should be given as soon as possible. And the entire military-political leadership of the aggressor country must bear severe and unavoidable responsibility for this," he stressed. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President noted that among the issues being discussed is also the location of such a tribunal. "We are in favor of it being located in Ukraine. In Bucha, Irpin, Borodyanka or in Kyiv. Ukraine is ready to provide full technical and organizational support for the work of such a tribunal," Andriy Smyrnov said. He stressed that the new tribunal should not be overburdened with a large number of powers in order to avoid conflicts of jurisdiction with other international judicial institutions. However, time must show how quickly the existing international institutions will be able to assess the convincing evidence of Russia's war crimes against Ukraine and its citizens. "Ukrainian society, its citizens tortured by Russian war criminals, all those who have endured any form of suffering as a result of Russia's war against Ukraine, destroyed Ukrainian business - all are waiting for answers to these questions. And this legal assessment must be given within a reasonable time. Both politically, in a global context, and legally - in the judiciary," said the Deputy Head of the Office of the President. Andriy Smyrnov also informed the Amnesty International delegation about the work of Ukraine's judicial system in wartime. During the meeting, Amnesty International representatives presented the President's Office with a vine sapling. Human rights activists said the plant was brought from the Syrian region, which was completely destroyed by the Russian army. This is a gift from the Syrian people, which supports the democratic aspirations of Ukrainians. Andriy Smyrnov noted that he would personally hand over the vine sapling to President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine