1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030333/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=160 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – This year the world saw how important the contribution of Ukrainians to global food security is – address by the President of Ukraine 20 November 2022 - 21:19 The fiercest battles, as before, are in the Donetsk region. Luhansk region - little by little we are moving forward with battles. South - we are holding the line, consistently and very calculatedly destroying the potential of the occupiers. Congratulations from the President of Ukraine to President of the United States Joseph R. Biden 20 November 2022 - 19:23 Allow me to express gratitude for everything You are doing to support Ukraine in the most difficult and defining moment of our history. Ukraine wants peace, but for its restoration we need support - President's address to the members of the International Organization of La Francophonie 20 November 2022 - 19:17 That is why it is so important that we stop Russian aggression. This is not just about our country, which Russia is trying to take over. It's about something more. About stability for everyone in the world. Another meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief takes place under chairmanship of Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 November 2022 - 21:00 Staff members listened to the reports of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the commanders of the task forces about the situation at the front. Separately, the situation in Donetsk region was in focus. Ukraine, together with its allies, starts developing Joint Declaration on Ukrainian Air Shield – address of Head of President's Office Andriy Yermak at Halifax International Security Forum 19 November 2022 - 20:23 We aim at building a complex multi-level system of anti-aircraft and anti-missile defense. It will contribute to the entire European air security. We will provide everything needed for our protection – address of President of Ukraine 19 November 2022 - 19:19 We are working throughout the country to stabilize the situation. The most problems with electricity are in the city of Kyiv and Kyiv region, the city of Odesa and Odesa region, the city of Kharkiv and Kharkiv region. Vinnytsia, Ternopil, Cherkasy, Chernihiv and other regions – energy workers are doing everything possible to give people a normal life. Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Rishi Sunak honor memory of Ukrainian defenders 19 November 2022 - 17:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the UK Rishi Sunak, who is visiting our country, honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders and visited the exhibition of destroyed Russian equipment. Russia's actions confirm need for European Parliament to adopt resolution designating Russia as state sponsor of terrorism – Ihor Zhovkva 19 November 2022 - 12:22 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with a delegation of the Greens/EFA Group in the European Parliament led by its Co-President Terry Reintke. Andriy Yermak holds meeting with Isabelle Dumont 19 November 2022 - 11:41 Yermak briefed the interlocutor on the critical damage to Ukraine's energy infrastructure due to Russian massive missile attacks. He thanked the French side for the humanitarian assistance provided and their willingness to respond to our country's requests for equipment needed to restore the damaged energy sector. For peace to exist, we must make all elements of Russian aggression impossible - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Halifax International Security Forum 19 November 2022 - 09:53 We emphasize on all of the elements of Russian aggression, and offer our partners to demolish all aspects of aggression together with us in order to provide security. That is something where each of our partners can show their leadership. 1 2 ... 157 158 159 160 161 162 163 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine