11 captures 15 Mar 2021 - 15 Oct 2025 Jan FEB Mar 18 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220218010552/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pershe-sheplennya-proti-koronavirusu-znizhuye-jmovirnist-zar-67133 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A global document is needed between the world's leading states, which would put Ukraine's security guarantees on paper 17 February 2022 - 19:12 President: By strengthening the Ukrainian army, international partners are helping themselves as well 17 February 2022 - 18:36 In Donbas, the President honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders perished in the battles for Avdiivka 17 February 2022 - 17:16 President visited the frontline positions of the military in the Donetsk region 17 February 2022 - 15:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine visited the frontline positions of the military in the Donetsk region 17 February 2022 - 20:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The first vaccination against COVID-19 reduces the probability of infection by 76% - meeting with the President 15 March 2021 - 12:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a traditional conference call on the prevention of the spread of COVID-19, which was attended by representatives of the government and law enforcement agencies. Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal noted that the number of intensive care beds occupied by patients with COVID-19 has increased over the last week. Today, 1,072 ventilators are involved, which is the largest number since the beginning of the pandemic in Ukraine. "This confirms the negative dynamics and the complex course of the disease. In the Ivano-Frankivsk region, the situation has stabilized after the introduction of the red level of epidemic danger, but so far the region remains among the leaders in the number of active patients - 17,994. Most of them are in Kyiv - 44,600. Vinnytsia (15,133) and Chernivtsi (14,220) regions are also among the leaders. In total, there are currently 213,000 active patients in Ukraine,” the Prime Minister said. The Head of State reminded that it is necessary to constantly explain to people the issues related to vaccination. "It should be explained to people that the first vaccination against COVID-19 reduces the likelihood of infection by 76%. So the chances of infection still remain. And only after the second dose full protection against this danger is created. That is why we must not forget about masks even now, when vaccination is already underway,” the President said. He asked how people reacted to the vaccination. The Ministry of Health reported that side effects were detected in only 0.8% of cases, no severe cases were reported. In addition, Minister of Health Maksym Stepanov stressed that the European Medicines Agency has already officially stated that the AstraZeneca vaccine does not increase the risk of blood clots. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine