2 captures 29 Nov 2023 - 09 Aug 2024 Oct NOV Dec 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231129011115/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/gotuyemo-velikij-sankcijnij-paket-rishennya-vzhe-nezabarom-z-82593?fbclid=IwAR1z328qj40tSXrqbF2o25qTiu9Fx5RnGyAl6-TzCJnMN3J1Imu2oAx040g Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are preparing some serious long-range stuff to make sure the occupiers feel the might of Ukraine – address by the President of Ukraine 28 November 2023 - 20:30 View all videos n latest news We are preparing some serious long-range stuff to make sure the occupiers feel the might of Ukraine – address by the President of Ukraine 28 November 2023 - 20:28 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, negotiations with Italy on the conclusion of a bilateral agreement on security guarantees have begun 28 November 2023 - 10:23 Development of the Ukrainian defense industry is an important component of our victory - Andriy Yermak during a meeting with students and lecturers of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 28 November 2023 - 09:37 It is important for every community to do everything possible now to avoid casualties due to bad weather – address by the President of Ukraine 27 November 2023 - 22:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President takes part in the 2nd Grain from Ukraine summit 25 November 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are preparing a large sanctions package, the decision will be made soon - address by the President of Ukraine 2 May 2023 - 20:05 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! A brief report of the day. The first point is the military cabinet. This is a special work with key commanders and those who provide defense. Obviously this is confidential work, its details are undisclosed. But just like the meetings of the Staff, the military cabinet also works regularly to synchronize our most important defensive and offensive actions. The second point is sanctions. I held a meeting on strengthening sanctions regimes, both our own and those of our partners. We are closely monitoring how the terrorist state is trying to circumvent sanctions, recording each such direction, and working together with our partners to block it. We are preparing a large sanctions package. The decision will be made soon. Third, international events. This May and the following months will be quite active for Ukraine in the international sphere. There will be a lot of negotiations-related work, international events that will strengthen our defense. We are working on everything. Today I held several meetings on what is planned for this week and for the near future. Fourth, I held a meeting with Prime Minister Shmyhal. Coordination and preparation of decisions. We are preparing conceptual security solutions for the development of Ukraine and our infrastructure, both now and after the war. We are also preparing for the planned international meetings on the reconstruction of Ukraine and relevant negotiations with partners. And fifth, today's international meetings and conversations. I met with a delegation of the Portuguese Assembly headed by the President of the Assembly. It was a productive meeting. I thanked them for supporting our country and people. The topic of the conversation is quite broad, but the main thing is what unites us... Security for all Europeans, stability, and therefore further development and strengthening of the European and Euro-Atlantic community. In this context, I noted what decisions we expect from the partners' summit in Vilnius in July, the NATO summit. Today I spoke with the Chairperson of the African Union, the President of the Comoros. It was an important conversation and important mutual understanding. I thanked for the support on global platforms, in particular at the UN. I invited him to join the implementation of our Peace Formula and assured that Ukraine is ready to be a reliable guarantor of food security. We are doing everything to eliminate any damage from Russian aggression both for our people and all our partners. I thank everyone in the world who supports Ukraine! Glory to all our warriors who are now in combat for the sake of our country, at combat posts and on combat missions! Today I would like to especially celebrate the warriors of the 77th separate airmobile and 93rd separate mechanized brigades defending the Bakhmut direction. They are really effective! Thank you, guys! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine