1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309054217/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=53 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Russia does not want a swift end to war in Donbas, and we need to make it have a desire to speak in detail about de-occupation of our territories 10 September 2021 - 13:49 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has said that he would like to hold a substantive summit of the leaders of the countries participating in Normandy format, which would end with concrete results and bring the end of the war in Donbas and the de-occupation of Ukrainian territories as close as possible. President at YES Brainstorming: we must put a stop to wars among humans before wars do away with humanity 10 September 2021 - 13:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the world needs to unite in an effort to overcome new global challenges together, which will be more and more difficult each time, because the on-your-own policy ends with the all-against-all struggle. The head of state said this during his speech at the YES Brainstorming event organized by the Yalta European Strategy in Kyiv. President: Ukraine does not need strategic partners, but strategic friends 10 September 2021 - 13:24 Ukraine with a high level of professionalism of our citizens is a valuable partner for NATO and the European Union. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, when he answered a question at the YES Brainstorming event organized by the Yalta European Strategy in Kyiv. Ukraine ready for open cooperation with foreign business – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 September 2021 - 12:14 Ukraine is open to foreign business if it works transparently and creates additional jobs in our country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, when he answered a question at the YES Brainstorming event organized by the Yalta European Strategy in Kyiv. Roman Mashovets, Kristina Kvien sum up first results of visit of President of Ukraine to the United States 8 September 2021 - 18:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with U.S. Chargé d'Affaires a.i. in Ukraine Kristina A. Kvien and other representatives of the U.S. Embassy. The participants in the meeting summed up the first results of the visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States regarding security and defense issues. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of North Macedonia discuss deepening of cooperation between two countries 8 September 2021 - 14:59 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a telephone conversation with President of North Macedonia Stevo Pendarovski. Zelenskyy thanked the official Skopje for the strong support of the sovereignty and independence of our state. He highly appreciated the participation of North Macedonia in the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform held on August 23, 2021 in Kyiv, as well as joining the final declaration of the summit. President: Today Ukrainian defense intelligence receives standing ovation of whole world 7 September 2021 - 12:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the celebrations marking the 29th anniversary of Ukraine's defense intelligence service and congratulated intelligence officers on their professional holiday. President of Ukraine meets with U.S. Congress delegation 6 September 2021 - 18:12 The President thanked the members of the delegation for the constant bipartisan and bicameral support of Ukraine in the U.S. Congress, as well as the support of the efforts of our country in deterring the aggression of the Russian Federation. First Lady of Ukraine meets with leadership of San Francisco Unified School District 4 September 2021 - 12:28 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with the leadership of the San Francisco Unified School District in the United States. During the event, in particular, the issues of reforming school meals, promoting healthy food and improving eating habits were discussed. Modern tools for ensuring education for children with disabilities were also mentioned. Olena Zelenska initiates signing of memorandum on creation of Ukrainian-language audio guides with Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco 3 September 2021 - 20:13 During the visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States, First Lady Olena Zelenska initiated the signing of a memorandum on the work on two Ukrainian-language audio guides with the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco. 1 2 ... 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine