7 captures 17 Oct 2024 - 10 Dec 2025 Sep OCT Nov 17 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241017030903/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/hoch-bi-sho-vidbuvalos-u-sviti-ukrayina-matime-silu-ce-najgo-93841 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos 15 October 2024 - 18:45 View all videos n latest news The President of Ukraine Had a Phone Conversation with the President of the United States 16 October 2024 - 20:36 President Urged Ukrainians to Unite Around a Common Goal – Ukraine's Victory 16 October 2024 - 14:31 Victory Plan Consists of Five Points and Three Secret Annexes 16 October 2024 - 14:25 President of Ukraine Presents Victory Plan to MPs and Ukrainian Society 16 October 2024 - 13:35 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Germany 11 October 2024 - 16:08 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches No Matter What Happens in the World, Ukraine Will Be Strong; This Is the Most Important Thing – Address by the President 15 October 2024 - 18:45 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today, I held a meeting of the Staff – an Energy Staff – to discuss all the key issues of winterization and the protection of energy facilities. Each service and all institutions have clear tasks. Reports were provided on each level of energy system protection. The Prime Minister, the Minister of Energy, and representatives of regional authorities from the most vulnerable regions reported. There was a report by the Commander of the Air Force on air defense: shooting down missiles and drones, as well as our electronic warfare system. We discussed the format for strengthening air defense, and we already have certain decisions regarding “Shahed” drones and some types of missiles. Today, the CEO of Naftogaz, Chernyshov, also reported on the accumulation of gas in storage facilities, and relevant infrastructure protection issues. All elements of winterization – electricity, gas, coal – the things we expect, the things we are preparing for, and the things we need help with from our partners – are absolutely clearly defined. There was a mandatory report by Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi. Regarding the frontline. The situation is challenging, but we are holding our positions, and I am grateful to every brigade, every soldier, sergeant and officer who ensures our resilience. The Kursk operation was mentioned separately. We continue to carry out the defined tasks. Today, the Minister of Defense delivered a report. Regarding my instructions to increase funding for our domestic Ukrainian arms production. Drones, electronic warfare, artillery. Attracting investment from our partners. Our capabilities. By the end of this month, we will have specific new contracts in our Ukrainian defense production. And this is one of our top priorities. No matter what happens in the world, Ukraine will be strong. This is the most important thing. And one more thing. Yesterday, I spoke with Mark Rutte, NATO Secretary General. We coordinated our positions on strengthening Ukraine. Thank you, Mark, for your support! I thank everyone who stands with Ukraine! I thank all our people – those who are fighting, those who are working, those who are helping. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine