1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031508/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=155 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine held a meeting with the Secretary General of the Cabinet of the President of the Republic of Moldova 29 November 2022 - 12:11 Andriy Yermak noted Moldova's solidarity with the people of Ukraine in the face of continued Russian aggression and emphasized the joint aspirations of the two countries to build modern, successful states that will occupy a worthy place in the single European family. Roman Mashovets discussed the current security situation in Ukraine with the Minister of Defense of Slovenia 28 November 2022 - 22:45 The parties discussed the current security situation in Ukraine in the context of the full-scale aggression of the Russian Federation and ways of further assistance from Slovenia in matters of improving our country's defense capabilities. The interlocutors focused in detail on Russian terrorist airstrikes on the civilian infrastructure of Ukraine and the tactics of the enemy's use of cruise missiles and Iranian drones. Only a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression by the Russian Federation against Ukraine will make it possible to restore justice and punish all the guilty - Andriy Yermak 28 November 2022 - 22:33 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak stated this during an online speech at the conference "Possible Scenarios for the Prosecution of Russia for the Crime of Aggression", which takes place in Paris with the participation of members of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. Ukraine will never be a place of devastation - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 November 2022 - 22:27 We will do everything to restore every object, every house, every enterprise destroyed by the occupiers. Foreign partners continue to join the “Grain from Ukraine” initiative of the President 28 November 2022 - 20:16 As part of the Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program launched by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on November 26 during the founding International Summit on Food Security, more than 30 countries and international organizations have already declared their support for this important project. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine held a meeting with the U.S. Department of State Sanctions Coordinator 28 November 2022 - 19:35 During the meeting, the Head of the Office of the President and the U.S. Department of State Sanctions Coordinator exchanged views on the effectiveness of the restrictive measures taken against Russia at this stage, as well as the prospects for their expansion. President held a meeting with the foreign ministers of the seven Baltic and Northern European states 28 November 2022 - 19:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the significant defense, financial and humanitarian assistance of the Baltic and Northern European partners in the face of Russia's full-scale armed aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 28 November 2022 - 15:28 Staff members also heard information from the intelligence chiefs about the enemy's plans for the near future. Ways of responding to possible challenges related to the actions of the enemy were agreed upon. Helping one another, we will get through this winter and Russia's attempt to use the cold against people - address by the President of Ukraine 27 November 2022 - 22:08 To endure now and defend ourselves now is to endure and defend ourselves for generations to come for all Ukrainians throughout our beautiful land. We know what we are fighting for - Olena Zelenska in an interview for BBC 27 November 2022 - 12:03 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska gave an interview in Kyiv to journalists of BBC, British television and radio broadcasting corporation. She spoke about the mood of Ukrainians during the period of massive power outages caused by Russian shelling of critical infrastructure. 1 2 ... 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine