1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233338/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=71 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska honored the memory of the fallen participants of the Revolution of Dignity 21 November 2022 - 11:12 On the Day of Dignity and Freedom, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy together with his wife Olena honored the memory of the activists perished during the Revolution of Dignity. Another meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief takes place under chairmanship of Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 November 2022 - 21:00 Staff members listened to the reports of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the commanders of the task forces about the situation at the front. Separately, the situation in Donetsk region was in focus. Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Rishi Sunak honor memory of Ukrainian defenders 19 November 2022 - 17:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the UK Rishi Sunak, who is visiting our country, honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders and visited the exhibition of destroyed Russian equipment. African countries saw how Russia blocked the Black Sea and began to support Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with Irish students 18 November 2022 - 18:41 After Russia blocked the export of grain from the ports of the Black Sea region, the countries of the African continent began to gradually change their attitude towards the Russian Federation and direct the political vector to support Ukraine. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with the student community of Ireland. President of Ukraine met with the Executive Vice-President of the European Commission 18 November 2022 - 15:32 The interlocutors focused on issues of urgent financial support for Ukraine until the end of the current year and coordination of plans for 2023. Challenges of the war spurred the development of technology in Ukraine, decreased the influence of Russia on the economy and reduced the level of corruption - President 17 November 2022 - 14:58 The challenges of the war spurred the development of technologies in Ukraine, and after the end of hostilities, the restoration of the energy sector, as well as the development of the mining and processing industry will be relevant. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy while answering questions at the Bloomberg New Economy Forum. The Ukrainian side will join the work of the joint international investigative commission at the site of the fall of the rocket in Poland - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 November 2022 - 14:19 "Yesterday we insisted that we be included in the joint international investigative commission, and already late in the evening we received confirmation. In the morning, our specialists will go there and join this professional community," the Head of State said. Already today, many investors believe in the victory of Ukraine and want to come when the war ends - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 November 2022 - 09:34 After the victory in the war with Russia, the security issue in Ukraine will be resolved and rapid economic growth will begin, so Ukrainians will willingly return to their homeland from abroad. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives on the Day of Radio, Television and Communications Workers. Ukraine definitely did not send missiles to territory of Poland, participation of Ukraine in work of investigative group should be ensured – President 16 November 2022 - 22:22 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has emphasized that the participation of the Ukrainian side in the work of the joint investigative team to find out the circumstances of the missile hitting the territory of Poland near the border with our country during the massive missile attack on the territory of Ukraine by Russia should be ensured. UN resolution on payment of reparations to Ukraine to become basis for compensation from aggressor country – Head of State 16 November 2022 - 21:36 The adoption of a resolution on the mechanism for reparation for damages caused to Ukraine as a result of the armed aggression of the Russian Federation by the UN General Assembly will become a political basis for the further transfer of Russian assets that are currently frozen in various countries of the world to our state. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting with media representatives on the occasion of the Day of Radio, Television and Communication Workers. 1 2 ... 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine