6 captures 20 May 2020 - 17 May 2025 Feb MAR Apr 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220327025931/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bez-zmin-u-mizhnarodnih-vidnosinah-svit-stavatime-zaruchniko-61017 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russian troops are destroying everything that makes us a nation, but they will be held accountable for that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 March 2022 - 23:34 View all videos n latest news Russian troops are destroying everything that makes us a nation, but they will be held accountable for that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 March 2022 - 23:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video conference with Andrzej Duda 26 March 2022 - 19:57 Ukraine insists on a system of security guarantees - Mykhailo Podolyak 26 March 2022 - 17:01 President awarded the National Guard soldiers who distinguished themselves in battles with the Russian aggressor 26 March 2022 - 16:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Without changes in international relations, the world will become a hostage of every pandemic - Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva 5 May 2020 - 21:51 The events of recent months have demonstrated how a pandemic can force the whole world to close its borders in the shortest possible time and it won’t be possible to open them quickly. This should encourage global players to make changes to the system of international relations to prevent the closure of borders in the event of another pandemic. This was emphasized in an interview by Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva. According to him, it is now necessary to develop, for example, a new algorithm for cooperation between the European Union and the Eastern Partnership countries to overcome such challenges. "By the way, we have put forward an initiative to quickly establish a union of neighboring countries to combat coronavirus during the pandemic. We talked about this with the presidents of our neighboring countries. That is, something needs to be done. Otherwise, every time we will be held hostage to such pandemics," he said. In addition, Ihor Zhovkva denied rumors about the possibility of lifting the visa-free regime with the EU for Ukraine due to the COVID-19 pandemic. According to him, the states will only gradually open their borders to foreigners. "I have not heard from any of our interlocutors that this will be a reason to close the border for Ukrainians or, moreover, to abolish the visa-free regime. Just like, by the way, with others - we have a visa-free regime not only with the European Union," he said. Ihor Zhovkva also spoke about the impact of quarantine restrictions on the foreign policy work of the President of Ukraine. In particular, we had to postpone a number of visits of foreign presidents to our country scheduled for March-April. Preliminarily, they can take place in the summer. "Let's hope that the summer will be hot not only in terms of weather and overcoming coronavirus, but also in terms of foreign policy. We may have to give up vacations. But international activities should be continued," he said. However, all this time communication with foreign leaders has not stopped, the Deputy Head of the President's Office reminded. It took place in the format of telephone conversations. There were more than 20 of them in two months. "Obviously, in times of crisis, you first talk to your partners and friends. Each of these talks ends with a concrete result," Ihor Zhovkva said. He also said that the COVID-19 pandemic had affected the protocol in which the innovations had to be implemented. In particular, foreign ambassadors and the President of Ukraine did not shake hands during the presentation of credentials, although this is stipulated in the protocol. "You could even see in the photo the greetings with an elbow with one of the ambassadors. But, again, simplifying the protocol, we have not lost any meaning. I am not sure that in all countries now presidents accept credentials from foreign ambassadors. We felt that it was necessary, that diplomatic work should not stop," the Deputy Head of the President's Office emphasized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine