2 captures 23 Aug 2022 - 11 Jul 2025 Jul AUG Sep 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220823174400/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-genocid-masovi-vbivstva-ta-rujnuvannya-yaki-chinit-rosiya-77217 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos These days, if you are abroad, be there with the flag of Ukraine and spread the truth about the crimes of the occupiers - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 August 2022 - 22:02 View all videos n latest news Joint statement of the International Crimea Platform Participants 23 August 2022 - 19:48 Everything started with Crimea and will end with it - liberation of the peninsula from occupation is necessary - speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the opening of the Second Crimea Platform Summit 23 August 2022 - 17:05 In the event of an illegal show trial of the defenders of Mariupol, there will be no question of negotiations - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 August 2022 - 15:22 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Andrzej Duda opened the Walk of the Brave in Kyiv, where true friends of our state will be honored 23 August 2022 - 14:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the Second Crimea Platform Summit 23 August 2022 - 16:46 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office There is no other answer than weapons to the genocide, mass killings and destruction that Russia commits in Ukraine - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Corriere della Sera 23 August 2022 - 12:56 Western countries should take into account that Russia's victory in Ukraine will also mean its victory over NATO, so providing our country with the necessary weapons brings peace closer, not further away. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with the Italian weekly Corriere della Sera. "There is no other answer than weapons to genocide, arrests, concentration camps, mass killings and destruction. Weapons are required to liberate territory. The world is tired of war, but Europe, the West, regardless of the fate of the Ukrainian people who are fighting for survival, must also take into account that a victory in Ukraine for Moscow will mean a victory over NATO. And we are forced to state with regret that not all European countries provide the promised assistance," said Mykhailo Podolyak. He noted that the Kremlin uses various levers of influence on Europe to achieve a reduction in support for Ukraine in this war, including threats, energy blackmail, suspension of the operation of gas pipelines, etc. "For the Russians, it is very important that Europe reduces its material and moral support for Ukraine. They will try to influence the vote through extremist groups of all types, telling people that they have no more money and it will be cold if they continue to support us," explained the Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President. "We know it's going to be a very hard winter and it's going to be very hard for Europeans, too, the prices of food and heating will rise. But this winter will also mark the end of Russia's gas monopoly. And if the price for freedom is lowering the temperature in the house by two or three degrees, well, we will pay it. And Europe should be ready to do the same," Mykhailo Podolyak stressed. According to him, the cooperation between the government of Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi and the team of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy was particularly fruitful. The Italian government immediately realized what was happening and immediately provided assistance. "But we know very well that there are political forces in Italy that have supported Moscow for a long time and are now trying to return to power. However, we are sure that Italy will continue to defend its values of freedom - those that we, Ukrainians, also share," Mykhailo Podolyak is convinced. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine