1 capture 20 Dec 2022 Nov DEC Jan 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221220164415/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/istoriya-oask-zavershilas-istoriya-reform-trivaye-navit-pid-79837?fbclid=IwAR2fBYVSFSY3jUjpxSNsy8HQK3UqSvJjcHm3Ea0n7L6Z_adntVEqy9MeC04 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The key task for all of us now is to increase international support for Ukraine next year - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 December 2022 - 23:46 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine met with the Ukrainian military in Bakhmut and presented state awards 20 December 2022 - 14:12 The key task for all of us now is to increase international support for Ukraine next year - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 December 2022 - 23:45 In order to build a successful Ukraine, it is necessary to continue to resolutely and systematically eradicate corruption - Andriy Yermak 19 December 2022 - 22:55 Ukraine held a road show regarding the creation of a special tribunal that will try the top leadership of Russia 19 December 2022 - 21:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Donetsk region 20 December 2022 - 14:20 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The story of DACK is over, the story of reforms continues even during the war - address by the President of Ukraine 13 December 2022 - 22:20 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Today was a very fruitful day for Ukraine. In different aspects. We have very good news from France - two conferences in support of Ukraine were held there today. Their first result is €1 billion in aid to our resilience, primarily energy. Every day we gain new strength for Ukraine to get through this winter, and I thank everyone who works for this and who helps our state. Today, we also have decisions from other countries, besides France, - the Czech Republic, Spain, Switzerland - to provide additional support packages. The Italian Senate passed a decision on armed support. Norway is preparing a new program to support our state and people... I took part in both conferences in Paris today. The first concerned to a greater extent our interstate relations. The second forum was focused on French business. Ukrainian government officials presented French entrepreneurs with opportunities to invest in Ukraine already now, when the war is still going on, and after our victory. We also discussed what we can do additionally to strengthen our state at the European level. Today in France, the First Lady of Ukraine presents humanitarian projects to our partners. What can be done as quickly as possible to support our people in the field of healthcare, education and humanitarian aid, in particular through Olena’s Foundation. And I am grateful to all the French for their support of Ukraine - not only political, not only defense and sanctions, which is vitally important. But also for the fact that we equally perceive the need to protect the value of human life, human dignity and the humanitarian opportunities that the modern world gives to everyone. I spoke with President of the European Council Charles Michel. I thanked for the decision regarding 18 billion euros for Ukraine next year and for increasing the European Peace Facility by 2 billion euros. These funds can greatly help us maintain social stability. I am also preparing to participate in the meeting of the European Council on December 15. I have just addressed the parliament and people of New Zealand, a country that has fundamentally supported us since the first weeks of full-scale Russian aggression. I’ve told about our peace formula, about the special summit that we are convening to implement our formula. And I called on New Zealand to take the lead in supporting at the international level one of the clauses of the peace formula - the one related to environmental security and demining. New Zealand is one of those countries that understands that the destruction of the natural environment is equal to the destruction of life, and that can help the diplomatic mobilization of its region in order to implement the Ukrainian peace formula. And one more thing. Today I signed the Law adopted by the Verkhovna Rada on the liquidation of the District Administrative Court of Kyiv. This story is over. And the story of reforms continues - continues even during such a war. Thank you to everyone who works for Ukraine! Thank you to everyone who is fighting for our independence, who is currently at the front, who is currently struggling! We support you, we strongly believe in you. Glory to all our warriors! Glory to our indomitable people! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine