3 captures 14 Dec 2024 - 12 Jan 2026 Nov DEC Jan 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241214171536/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=30-11-2023&date-to=30-11-2024&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, We Already Have Preliminary Data That the Russians Have Begun to Use North Korean Soldiers in Their Assaults – Address by the President 14 December 2024 - 16:39 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Poland Prepares to Deliver Its 45th Support Package to Ukraine – Donald Tusk During a Phone Call with Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 November 2024 - 14:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of Poland Donald Tusk. Olena Zelenska: Amid Russian Destruction, Restoring a Normal and Dignified Life for People Is Both Humane and Wise 19 November 2024 - 21:16 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska participated in a meeting of the International Trust Fund (ITF), a humanitarian organization focused on the recovery and development of countries affected by conflicts. To Build Resilience Against Climate Change, It Is Necessary to Protect Against Barbarity of Putin’s Regime – Andriy Yermak at COP29 Event 19 November 2024 - 20:33 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak participated online in an event focused on the environmental security clause of the Peace Formula. The event was held at the Ukrainian Pavilion during the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP29) in Baku. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Mette Frederiksen Visited Wounded Ukrainian Warriors 19 November 2024 - 19:44 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen visited a clinical hospital where wounded Ukrainian servicemen receive treatment. Denmark Will Provide Ukraine with EUR 130 Million to Develop Its Defense Industry 19 November 2024 - 18:44 New financial assistance from Denmark for EUR 130 million will help develop the production of Ukrainian missiles and drones. This was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy following his meeting with Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen, who came to Ukraine on a visit. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Mette Frederiksen Inspected Ukrainian Long-Range Drones Procured with Denmark's Support 19 November 2024 - 17:34 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen met with Ukrainian manufacturers of long-range drones and the warriors who use them. The President: Every “Today” is the Best Moment to Push Russia Harder 19 November 2024 - 16:44 Ukraine deserves to make next year the year of peace. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his address to the participants of the European Parliament's extraordinary session marking the thousandth day of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine. Ukraine Deserves to Make the Next Year the Year of Peace – Address by the President to the Participants of the European Parliament's Extraordinary Session Marking 1000 Days of Full-Scale War 19 November 2024 - 16:34 European values and the European way of life – when transformed into action – protect the lives of real people. The President Presented State Awards to Military Personnel, Power Engineers, Cultural Figures, and Representatives of Local Authorities, Business, and Diaspora 19 November 2024 - 16:30 “I thank all our people. You are all heroes – our warriors, our citizens. I thank everyone – each and every one of you,” he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented Ukraine's Internal Resilience Plan 19 November 2024 - 16:07 Ukraine's Internal Resilience Plan consists of ten points: "Unity", "Front", "Armament", "Money", "Energy", "Security", "Communities", "Human Capital", "Cultural Sovereignty" and "Heroes Policy". President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the contents of the plan in his speech at the Verkhovna Rada. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine