20 captures 06 Oct 2020 - 11 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220510221932/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/intervyu-prezidenta-ukrayini-kitajskomu-informacijnomu-agent-64145 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Armed Forces of Ukraine are doing everything to liberate all our cities and our people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 May 2022 - 22:48 View all videos n latest news The Armed Forces of Ukraine are doing everything to liberate all our cities and our people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 May 2022 - 22:46 Speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Malta 10 May 2022 - 19:12 President of Ukraine met with the Foreign Ministers of the Netherlands and Germany 10 May 2022 - 19:03 Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with President of the World Economic Forum Børge Brende 10 May 2022 - 18:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Canada 8 May 2022 - 17:54 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Interview of the President of Ukraine to the Chinese news agency Xinhua 1 October 2020 - 09:15 Interview of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Chinese news agency Xinhua. - Mr. President, after taking office, you pay special attention to the development of friendly cooperation between China and Ukraine. How do you assess the current state of bilateral relations? - Ukraine's relations with China are a long history of political and cultural dialogue, mutually beneficial economic cooperation, respect for the choice of each other's development path. Our countries have all the necessary prerequisites for building friendly, mutually beneficial relations and pragmatic cooperation. Since the establishment of diplomatic relations in 1992, Ukraine and China have made significant progress in building political dialogue and practical cooperation - from the first interstate contacts and the establishment of bilateral cooperation mechanisms to a strategic partnership, the decade of which we will celebrate next year. The sphere of our interests in cooperation with China has always been extremely wide. However, new times dictate new requirements - and, in my opinion, we must breathe new life into our relations. There are several centers of power on the geopolitical map of the world. And China is definitely one of them. I am pleased to state that Ukrainian-Chinese cooperation has always been based on a solid foundation of mutual respect for sovereignty, territorial integrity and independence, non-interference in internal affairs and recognition of the people's chosen path of development. These inviolable basic principles and their firm support from China are important to us, especially in the last years of Russia's aggression against my state. China has always been and remains one of Ukraine's foreign policy priorities. The President and Government of Ukraine pay special attention to the development of cooperation with China. We must work together to develop a new strategy, a new vision, new growth points. I am confident that the regular meeting of the Commission on Cooperation between the Government of Ukraine and the Government of the People's Republic of China, on the organization of which both parties are actively working, will facilitate the implementation of this. Analysis of the current state of cooperation, joint formation of a new agenda are the main tasks of this bilateral body. Ukraine has a significant potential for cooperation with China in various fields, commensurate or even greater than in many other Eastern European countries. We are interested in the successful realization of this potential. China has confidently taken the first place in the ranking of our largest trading partners: last year our trade turnover reached about $ 13 billion. And more and more confidently, China is gaining a leading position among Ukraine's main export partners. I am convinced that the current figures can be significantly increased. However, it is important not only to increase trade, but also to diversify goods, increase high-tech products and products with a high degree of processing, high added value. Ukraine is working to leave the category of exclusively "raw material" supplier. We are confident that we will have something to offer, including China. We are ready to work on finding new opportunities for further expansion of bilateral trade and economic cooperation within the Commission on Cooperation between the governments of our countries. I would like to emphasize that Ukraine became one of the first countries to support the initiative of President Xi Jinping "One Belt, One Road". Ukraine has a unique geographical location - on the eastern border of the EU, on the way from Asia to Europe, as well as between the Black and Baltic Seas. We have the necessary economic and industrial potential to participate effectively in this ambitious project. Credit and investment, agro-industrial, machine-building and transport spheres should be mentioned among the priority areas of practical cooperation. Ukraine has significant scientific and educational potential, rich culture. All this provides good opportunities for increasing the volume of trade and economic cooperation, intensification of bilateral humanitarian contacts and exchanges. To create better conditions for tourism development, Ukraine introduced a temporary visa-free regime for Chinese tourists on August 1. We will continue to try to improve the conditions for mutual travel of citizens of the two countries so that they have better opportunities to get acquainted with the rich history and culture of Ukraine and China. One of the steps towards cultural rapprochement between our friendly nations should be the systematic training of sinologists in Ukraine. Chinese is already taught in secondary schools and higher education institutions. In Ukraine, about 500 sinologists receive diplomas in philology every year. We have qualified translators. Ukrainians have always been interested in the history, culture and language of fascinating and mysterious China. China is being studied by Ukrainian economists, lawyers and historians. Our specialists willingly participate in international scientific conferences of sinologists. Today, thousands of Ukrainian specialists work in China in various fields, from teaching to IT. Of course, we would be pleased to see our professional youth at home. And this is what we strive for. However, I am sure that our Chinese friends appreciate the experience and professional level of Ukrainians. A clear evidence of this is hundreds of interested Chinese enrollees willing to receive diplomas of Ukrainian universities every year. - What are your hopes and plans for the further development of Chinese-Ukrainian relations? - This year our bilateral contacts were significantly limited by the coronavirus pandemic. At the same time, our countries have worked together effectively to address this common challenge. I would like to thank the Government of China for its humanitarian assistance to Ukraine in the fight against coronavirus, assistance in the air transportation of medical cargo, as well as in the return of our citizens from China to Ukraine. Thousands of test systems, masks, goggles, gloves and other personal protective equipment were sent to Ukrainian hospitals at the beginning of the pandemic in Ukraine in the spring. This saved many Ukrainians. We are especially grateful to Chinese companies, NGOs, provincial people's governments and ordinary citizens for providing much-needed and timely assistance to Ukraine. This expression of friendly support is especially important and valuable for us in these difficult times. Ukraine is interested in further coordination with China in the fight against the consequences of the coronavirus pandemic. The issue of providing our citizens with a high-quality vaccine is of particular importance. As I said earlier, Ukraine is developing and moving forward. I also want to see progress in Ukrainian-Chinese relations. In my opinion, it is time to give new impetus to our dialogue. I think that for this we need to resume a full-fledged political dialogue between our states. We need to restore the dynamics of bilateral contacts at the level of ministries and departments, at the level of heads of governments, parliaments and, of course, leaders. I will be glad to welcome Chinese President Xi Jinping to Ukraine. It would be a great honor for me to visit wonderful China. - The Chinese people will soon celebrate the Day of the establishment of the People's Republic of China. What would you like to wish the Chinese people and President Xi Jinping? - On October 1, 1949, in the central square of Beijing, the then Chinese leader Mao Zedong announced the establishment of the People's Republic of China and opened a new page in the millennial book of Chinese history. Today, China is the world's largest exporter of a wide range of products, the world leader in the market of e-commerce and online services, the second largest economy in the world in terms of nominal GDP. We see how your country continues to renew, improve and develop, achieving new goals, overcoming today's challenges. I am confident that thanks to wise leadership, far-sighted policies and a willingness to win, the Chinese people will realize all their ambitious plans. I sincerely congratulate President of the People's Republic of China Mr. Xi Jinping, as well as the entire Chinese people on the national holiday. I wish friendly China success and new achievements. Congratulations on the founding of the People's Republic of China! Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine