5 captures 19 May 2023 - 11 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 19 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230519202110/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-iz-sekretarem-z-pitan-82989 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I call on you to help protect our people including the Ukrainian Muslim community - address by the President of Ukraine at the Arab League Summit 19 May 2023 - 17:38 View all videos n latest news Andriy Smyrnov meets with representatives of International Commission on Missing Persons 19 May 2023 - 18:59 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Prime Minister of Iraq in Jeddah 19 May 2023 - 18:32 I call on you to help protect our people including the Ukrainian Muslim community - address by the President of Ukraine at the Arab League Summit 19 May 2023 - 17:36 In Saudi Arabia, the President met with the heads of delegations of the UAE, Oman and Kuwait 19 May 2023 - 17:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 19 May 2023 - 15:04 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Foreign Policy Secretary of the President of Bulgaria 19 May 2023 - 12:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a phone call with Foreign Policy Secretary of the President of Bulgaria Roussi Ivanov. During the conversation, Ihor Zhovkva briefed his colleague on the current situation on the frontline, in particular in the context of the recent missile attacks on Kyiv and other regions of the country by the Russian aggressor. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office expressed gratitude to the Bulgarian side for providing important and diverse support to Ukraine in this difficult time for our country. The parties discussed preparations and Ukraine's expectations from the July NATO Summit in Vilnius. "Now, even before Ukraine becomes a full member of NATO, we need to receive effective security guarantees for our country from the Alliance. We hope for Bulgaria's support in this area as well," said Ihor Zhovka. Roussi Ivanov reaffirmed Bulgaria's principled support for Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic aspirations and expressed hope for intensified bilateral cooperation in this area after the appointment of the new Bulgarian government. Ihor Zhovkva thanked the Bulgarian side for its consistent support of Ukraine on its European integration path. The interlocutors exchanged views on resolving the situation related to the restriction of exports of Ukrainian agricultural products to Bulgaria. Ihor Zhovkva emphasized the inadmissibility of extending the respective temporary restrictions by the European Commission beyond June 5 and proposed that Bulgaria join the joint EU-Bulgaria Coordination Platform to develop an optimal solution for the export of Ukrainian agricultural products as soon as possible. In conclusion, Ihor Zhovkva expressed hope that Bulgaria would join the coalition of states to establish a special tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine