19 captures 27 Aug 2024 - 22 Jan 2026 Jul AUG Sep 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240827213500/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kurska-operaciya-ye-odnim-iz-punktiv-planu-peremogi-ukrayini-92857 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Each of These Strikes Repeatedly Brings Us Back to the Task of Long-Range Capabilities – Address by the President 26 August 2024 - 20:09 View all videos n latest news Safeguarding Children from Forced Transfers and Deportation: the Bring Kids Back UA International Task Force Presented the White Paper 27 August 2024 - 21:37 The First Lady Visited Voices Camp, Which Organized Recreation for Children Traumatized by War 27 August 2024 - 20:57 Andriy Yermak Met with Alexander Soros 27 August 2024 - 18:20 For the Second Peace Summit, a Document Should Be Prepared Based on Thematic Conferences on the Peace Formula Points – the President 27 August 2024 - 18:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Press Conference of the President within the Forum “Ukraine 2024. Independence” 27 August 2024 - 15:53 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Kursk Operation Is One of the Points of Ukraine's Plan for Victory in the War – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 August 2024 - 17:00 The operation in the Kursk region is one of the points of Ukraine's plan for victory in the war. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, during a press conference within the forum “Ukraine 2024. Independence”. According to the Head of State, the operation in the Kursk region stopped the occupation of the Kharkiv region, disrupting Russia's intention to create so-called buffer zones in this and other border regions. “We realized that the Sumy and Chernihiv regions could be included in their plans. The Kursk operation resolved the issue of preventing the occupation of Sumy and Chernihiv regions. In addition, it destroyed a large number of troops, a serious group,” he said. The President also noted that this operation is not related to any of the Peace Formula points, but is connected to the second Peace Summit. It is one of the points of Ukraine's plan for victory in the war. Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced that he initially intends to present this plan to U.S. President Joseph Biden in September. “The success of this plan depends on him. Whether they will give us what is in this plan or not. Whether we will be free to use what will be in this plan or not,” the Head of State added. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also intends to familiarize the two US presidential candidates Kamala Harris and Donald Trump with the plan. After all, it is crucial to implement it regardless of the outcome of the elections in the United States. ph Press Conference of the President within the Forum “Ukraine 2024. Independence” 27 August 2024 - 15:53 ph Press Conference of the President within the Forum “Ukraine 2024. Independence” 27 August 2024 - 15:53 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine