6 captures 20 Dec 2022 - 17 May 2025 Nov DEC Jan 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Media Cloud A longitudinal web archival collection based on URIs from the daily feed of Media Cloud that maps news media coverage of current events. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221220090407/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kirilo-timoshenko-obgovoriv-z-georgom-milbradtom-rol-miscevi-79909 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The key task for all of us now is to increase international support for Ukraine next year - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 December 2022 - 23:46 View all videos n latest news The key task for all of us now is to increase international support for Ukraine next year - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 December 2022 - 23:45 Russian aggression can and must fail; our task is to speed it up - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the meeting of the leaders of the United Kingdom's Joint Expeditionary Force (JEF) 19 December 2022 - 14:25 This winter, we are preparing a special summit for the sake of peace and invite our partners to show their leadership - address by the President of Ukraine 18 December 2022 - 22:23 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 18 December 2022 - 18:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the solemn meeting of the Plenum of the Supreme Court 15 December 2022 - 14:43 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Kyrylo Tymoshenko discussed with Georg Milbradt the role of local communities in the defense and reconstruction of Ukraine 16 December 2022 - 12:30 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko held a meeting with Special Representative of the Federal Government of Germany on issues of reforms in the spheres of governance and decentralization in Ukraine Georg Milbradt. The interlocutors discussed the role of local authorities in protecting the country from Russian armed aggression, ensuring the resilience of Ukraine and the participation of communities in the reconstruction process. "From the first days of the war, all communities, mayors of cities and towns forgot about politics, became a single team and work to protect Ukraine from the Russian invasion. We all work together: local government, the Cabinet of Ministers, the Office of the President. And this benefits the country," Kyrylo Tymoshenko said. According to him, the central and local authorities have been in constant communication since the first days of the full-scale war, solving all urgent issues, including those arising due to the ongoing Russian aggression. "We have a lot of projects in the de-occupied territories, in particular regarding restoration, the Fast Recovery Plan. Also, due to Russian missile attacks on energy infrastructure facilities, there are many problems with electricity supply and heating in certain regions. Therefore, together with local authorities, we are deploying Points of Invincibility, where people can charge their gadgets, warm up, and get in touch with their relatives," said the Deputy Head of the Office of the President. In this context, the parties discussed the decentralization reform and steps to further strengthen local self-government in Ukraine. Kyrylo Tymoshenko assured that the central and local authorities began to cooperate more closely to help people in the regions. Georg Milbradt noted that decentralization makes Ukraine stronger and more stable even in war conditions. After all, the heads of cities and communities directly communicate with people on the ground and know in detail about all their needs. "Resisting the armed aggression of the Russian Federation requires concentration of efforts and, of course, funds. And I understand that. But the process of decentralization should not stop because of the war," said Georg Milbradt. The Deputy Head of the President's Office emphasized that the opinion of the local authorities was taken into account during the preparation and implementation of the Ukraine Reconstruction Plan and the Fast Recovery Plan. According to him, the post-war reconstruction is a chance to modernize the outdated, still Soviet infrastructure, update the housing stock and create more convenient and comfortable living conditions. Kyrylo Tymoshenko spoke about the work on the Ukraine Reconstruction Plan, which was presented in Lugano, Switzerland, as well as about the Fast Recovery Plan, which provides for the restoration of infrastructure important to people even before the end of the war. As the Deputy Head of the Office of the President emphasized, the communities in the recently de-occupied territories in the Kharkiv, Mykolaiv and Kherson regions, as well as in the Sumy region, Chernihiv region and Kyiv region, which were liberated from the Russian invaders earlier, need reconstruction as soon as possible. Kyrylo Tymoshenko also spoke about the recovery of Ukraine's energy system, which was damaged after massive missile attacks by Russia. "Certain funds are allocated from the central budget, some funding comes from regional and city budgets to repair energy equipment or purchase generators. That is why there is electricity in Ukraine despite the massive missile attacks of the Russian Federation," he said. At the same time, according to the Deputy Head of the President's Office, in order to restore the capacities of the energy system, Ukraine desperately needs the help of partners, in particular, in the supply of transformers and other energy equipment. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine