3 captures 13 Dec 2024 - 24 Jun 2025 Nov DEC Jan 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241213124633/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-10-2023&date-to=31-10-2024&page=175 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Must Make Every Effort to Ensure That Each Day Brings Us Closer to Peace – Address by the President 12 December 2024 - 17:16 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine is ready to be a strategic partner of African countries – Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with African media 15 November 2023 - 18:39 Ukraine seeks to build friendly strategic relations with the countries of the African continent based on mutual respect for basic values and international principles. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with African media. The meeting was attended by media from Angola, Botswana, Tunisia, the Republic of Guinea, Kenya, Morocco, Nigeria, Senegal, South Africa, and Zambia. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Sanctions Coordinator at the U.S. Department of State and the Deputy Assistant Secretary 15 November 2023 - 15:24 The interlocutors also noted the successful efforts of Ukraine and its partners to increase the capacity of export corridors and further develop free navigation in the Black Sea. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Giorgia Meloni discussed joint efforts in the context of Italy's G7 Presidency next year 15 November 2023 - 15:15 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of Italy Giorgia Meloni. The potential of our communities, our intercity and interpersonal ties can add significant strength to our defense – speech by the President of Ukraine at the German-Ukrainian Municipal Partnerships Conference 15 November 2023 - 12:40 I believe that relations between Ukraine and Germany will become one of the most reliable pillars of the entire Europe. Head of the Presidential Office discussed defense needs of Ukraine with members of the House Intelligence Committee 15 November 2023 - 10:27 During a working visit to the United States, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with members of the House Intelligence Committee. Andriy Yermak held a series of meetings with members of the U.S. Congress in Washington, DC 15 November 2023 - 09:24 Andriy Yermak met with representatives of the Ukraine Caucus in the House of Representatives. In addition, a meeting was held with representatives of the Senate Ukraine Caucus. Each of our warriors holding positions near Avdiivka deserves our utmost gratitude – address by the President of Ukraine 14 November 2023 - 22:19 The more Russian forces are destroyed near Avdiivka now, the worse the overall situation and the overall course of this war will be for the enemy. Roman Mashovets met with the leadership of the American medical corporation Northwell Health 14 November 2023 - 21:25 Roman Mashovets thanked the representatives of the U.S. medical industry for the treatment and rehabilitation of 35 Ukrainian servicemen in 2023, as well as for their constant and substantial support for Ukraine with ICU vehicles, necessary equipment and advisory assistance. In the United States, Andriy Yermak met with leading American experts and opinion leaders 14 November 2023 - 20:05 During a working visit to the United States as part of the Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Economy Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with representatives of American expert circles and opinion leaders. Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Deputy Director General of the National Security Council of the Republic of the Philippines 14 November 2023 - 14:29 Ihor Zhovkva spoke about Ukraine's efforts to ensure global food security and invited the Philippines to join the Grain from Ukraine humanitarian initiative. 1 2 ... 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine