11 captures 03 Jul 2023 - 09 Nov 2025 Jun JUL Aug 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230703193710/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nikoli-ukrayinski-beregi-ne-terpitimut-okupanta-zvernennya-p-84025 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will do everything possible and impossible to make our air defense system the most powerful - address by the President of Ukraine 3 July 2023 - 20:57 View all videos n latest news President had a phone call with the Chancellor of Germany 3 July 2023 - 21:15 We will do everything possible and impossible to make our air defense system the most powerful - address by the President of Ukraine 3 July 2023 - 20:49 Ukrainian shores will never tolerate the occupier - address by the President of Ukraine 2 July 2023 - 16:01 President visited military hospital in Odesa region and awarded Ukrainian sailors 2 July 2023 - 15:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Rivne and Odesa regions 2 July 2023 - 13:20 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Ukrainian shores will never tolerate the occupier - address by the President of Ukraine 2 July 2023 - 16:01 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Today I am in Odesa, first and foremost, to congratulate our warriors of the Ukrainian Navy on their professional day. To congratulate them and thank them for their courage, heroism, and the extraordinary results they have achieved and are achieving for Ukraine. It is enough to recall what ambitions Russia had at the beginning of the full-scale aggression and what ambitions are now at the bottom of the Black Sea. I thank every warrior of the Ukrainian Navy - all sailors, all marines, all commanders of our Navy, artillerymen, naval aviators, drone operators, I thank the warriors of the river flotilla, river divisions... I thank you all! Today, I had the honor to award the best, and congratulated the cadets of the Institute of Naval Forces of our Odesa Maritime Academy. I visited the wounded warriors in the hospital. I wish everyone a speedy recovery. It was a special honor for me to leave my wishes on the copy of Kobzar that has been accompanying our warriors in battles since 2014. Today I also heard the report by our Navy Commander, Vice Admiral Oleksiy Neizhpapa, and Commander of the Odesa operational and strategic group of troops, General Moskalov. They spoke about the current security situation and the strategic tasks for our fleet, for the new direction - the fleet of naval drones - and for our coastal defense. We will implement everything! I am sure of it! The enemy will definitely not dictate the conditions in the Black Sea, and the occupiers will have to be as afraid of approaching our Ukrainian Crimea and our Azov Sea coast as Russian ships are already afraid of approaching our Black Sea coast. Today I also congratulate all civilian workers of the Ukrainian sea and river fleet, all those who ensure the security and operation of our ports, our ability to give life to the Ukrainian economy and connect our Ukraine with global markets despite the Russian blockade of the Black Sea. I thank all the sailors, port workers, ship repairers, businesses, employees and, of course, every soldier who protects the security of Ukrainian ports, Ukrainian cities, and Ukrainian shores. We will win together! Ukrainian shores will never tolerate the occupier. Glory to all our defenders! I thank you, Odesa, for this day! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine