6 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 11 Dec 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003215251/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/fundaciya-oleni-zelenskoyi-prodovzhuye-spivpracyu-z-fundaciy-85869 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife The Olena Zelenska Foundation continues its cooperation with the Temerty Foundation: philanthropists donate $1 million to help Ukrainians 23 September 2023 - 17:58 During a visit to Ottawa (Canada), the First Lady of Ukraine met with the founders of the Temerty Foundation, James Temerty and Louise Temerty, as well as with Managing Director Leah Temerty-Lord, Chief Executive Officer Mike Lord and Director of Ukrainian Initiatives at the Temerty Foundation Krystina Waler. During the conversation, the benefactors thanked the team of the Olena Zelenska Foundation for their help and providing the residents of the de-occupied Kharkiv region with essentials and announced another charitable contribution of $1 million to support the Foundation's projects. James Temerty is one of the largest Ukrainian philanthropists of our time. He was born in Ukraine into a family that was subject to dekulakization during the Stalinist repressions. His father died in Siberia. After World War II, the family emigrated to Canada. "Constantin Ilkovitch (now James) got an education and became a successful businessman, but he did not forget his Ukrainian roots and homeland and came to its aid in the most difficult time," Olena Zelenska noted. She thanked the Temerty Foundation and its founders for their fruitful cooperation with the Olena Zelenska Foundation, a charitable foundation established by the First Lady of Ukraine to help IDPs, medical and educational institutions in the country. "You were one of the first to believe in my Foundation and provide the first financial support, which was quickly directed to meet the priority needs of the residents of the de-occupied territories,” the First Lady said. The team of the Olena Zelenska Foundation used the $500,000 donation from the Temerty Foundation to meet the needs of people from the de-occupied territories of Kharkiv region. They managed to provide essentials to more than 2,000 internally displaced persons who were forced to move to 13 dormitories in Kharkiv region due to constant shelling of their homes. "Thanks to your charitable contribution, large families and Ukrainians internally displaced by the war were able to survive the winter in warmth, with warm water and the ability to cook and set up temporary housing. Your charitable contribution made it possible to purchase expensive generators with a capacity of 5 to 140 kW, which were distributed among local communities to ensure the smooth operation of hospitals, educational institutions and critical infrastructure in three districts of Kharkiv region (Kupyansk, Lozova and Chuhuiv). In total, it is 354 thousand people," the First Lady said. She shared with the Temerty Foundation and its founders the primary challenges for the Olena Zelenska Foundation. In particular, the latter continues to take care of internally displaced Ukrainians who need help starting a new life in temporary housing. One of the priority areas of the Foundation's assistance remains the support of large foster families. These are families in which foster parents raise 5 to 10 orphans or children deprived of parental care. In 2023, the Foundation launched the "Address of Childhood" project for such families who lost their homes due to the war. The Foundation continues to provide students and teachers with gadgets for distance education. In total, more than 516,000 Ukrainian pupils and more than 80,000 teachers need the gadgets. It also equips shelters in educational institutions that need them. The comprehensive restoration of the Izyum hospital in Kharkiv region also remains one of the Foundation's important projects. Today, the hospital, which was destroyed by the occupiers' missiles, is operating at 10% of its capacity. ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to Canada 22 September 2023 - 16:18 ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to Canada 22 September 2023 - 16:18 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine