4 captures 12 Nov 2024 - 07 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241112153731/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-zi-specpredstavniceyu-ssha-z-pitan-87529 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Further Our Missiles and Drones Can Hit, the Less Real Combat Capability Russia Will Have – Address by the President 11 November 2024 - 19:48 View all videos n latest news The First European Regional School Meals Summit Is Held in Kyiv 12 November 2024 - 16:02 Estonia Announced New Military Aid Package for Ukraine 11 November 2024 - 20:41 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Had a Phone Call with Andrzej Duda 11 November 2024 - 20:35 EU to Implement the Initiative to Supply Ukraine With 1 Million Artillery Shells by the End of the Year 11 November 2024 - 20:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Presented Apartment Certificates to Heroes of Ukraine and Families of Fallen Heroes 8 November 2024 - 16:20 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Special Representative for Ukraine's Economic Recovery Penny Pritzker 6 December 2023 - 21:13 As part of the visit to the United States, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Special Representative for Ukraine's Economic Recovery Penny Pritzker. The meeting was also attended by Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Mykola Tochytskyi, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine to the United States Oksana Markarova, and Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office Daria Zarivna. Andriy Yermak noted Penny Pritzker's visit to Ukraine in mid-October and a productive meeting with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The Head of the President's Office noted that Ukraine views the USA – Ukraine Defense Industrial Base Conference as the beginning of promising and fruitful cooperation between the defense industries of the two countries. "This will pave the way for a new, revived Ukrainian defense industry capable of meeting our needs for military equipment and weapons to win the war against Russia," he said. The interlocutors noted the high level of participation of American and international defense companies in this conference. Andriy Yermak emphasized that the state is ready to provide all the necessary support for the work of American defense companies in our country and create conditions for them to start co-production in Ukraine with domestic manufacturers. The meeting emphasized the importance of insuring the risks of investment projects in our country. In addition, they discussed the need to strengthen Ukraine's air defense system, which would also facilitate the creation of clusters of defense and other industries. Andriy Yermak and Penny Pritzker also discussed their vision of Ukraine's economic recovery. ph Visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. as part of the Ukrainian delegation 6 December 2023 - 14:01 ph Visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. as part of the Ukrainian delegation 6 December 2023 - 14:01 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine