34 captures 06 Dec 2022 - 15 Aug 2025 Nov DEC Jan 21 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221221144719/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/koli-terorist-destabilizuye-zhittya-vsih-zupiniti-teror-ce-s-79657 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Support our indomitable Bakhmut and its defenders - address by the President of Ukraine 20 December 2022 - 21:32 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine started an official visit to the United States 21 December 2022 - 08:01 Support our indomitable Bakhmut and its defenders - address by the President of Ukraine 20 December 2022 - 21:27 President of Ukraine met with the Ukrainian military in Bakhmut and presented state awards 20 December 2022 - 14:12 The key task for all of us now is to increase international support for Ukraine next year - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 December 2022 - 23:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Donetsk region 20 December 2022 - 14:20 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches When a terrorist destabilizes everyone's lives, stopping terror is a joint task - address by the President of Ukraine 5 December 2022 - 20:56 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! A report on the day. The main result - 70 Russian missiles were launched, most of them were shot down. Kalibr, Kh-101, etc. I am grateful to all our warriors of the air commands "East", "South" and "Center". Well done! I am also grateful to our partners for the air defense systems we are currently using. Every downed Russian missile is concrete proof that terror can be defeated. But, unfortunately, we still cannot ensure complete security to our sky - there were several hits. Unfortunately, there are victims. As of this time, there are four people killed by Russian strikes today. My condolences to families and friends. Energy workers immediately started restoration. Maximum efforts are in the central regions of Ukraine, Odesa, Zaporizhzhia and Kharkiv regions. In many regions we had to switch to emergency shutdowns to stabilize the system. From Zakarpattia to Kyiv region, from Kirovohrad region to Sumy and Kharkiv regions. As of this evening, the biggest number of shutdowns is in Vinnytsia, Kyiv, Zhytomyr, Dnipropetrovsk, Odesa, Khmelnytskyi and Cherkasy regions. But we will do everything to restore stability. Russian terror again affects neighboring states. There are interruptions with electricity supply in Moldova again. And this once again proves that Russia's ability to carry out such massive terrorist attacks is a threat not only to Ukraine, but also to our entire region. At least. When one terrorist destabilizes everyone's lives, stopping terror is a joint task. Tonight I will talk about this in my address to the expert community of the American Institute for the Study of War and to all our friends in the United States. By the way, with today’s missile attack Russia marked the anniversary of the Budapest Memorandum. The fate of this document gives answers to many current questions about Russia. Simply signing something with these terrorists will not bring peace. They will certainly break any agreements reached with them. Giving up any element of someone else’s security to Russia means new war. Therefore a principled continuation of the existing policy of conscientious states of the world is necessary: it is only the dismantling of Russian terrorist capacities, liberation of all our territories and holding the murderers to account that will bring peace. I believe we will come to this. Another result of today is a new declaration of support for Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic course. This is the third such declaration. Today it was signed with Montenegro. After the Czech Republic and Belgium. We will complete this path step by step - we will persuade the Euro-Atlantic majority in favor of Ukraine. And not just in words, but in decisions. In decisions to support our accession to the collective security system. And one more thing Finally, a special award for extraordinary people appeared in Ukraine - for Ukrainian volunteers. "Gold Heart". Today, greeting the volunteer community, I named the first 50 teams and individuals who will receive this new award shortly. But this is far from a complete list of those who deserve it. The state should know how to be grateful and express gratitude. And it will. Glory to everyone who defends Ukraine! Gratitude to everyone who helps our state hold out against Russian terror! Eternal memory to everyone whose life was taken by terrorists! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine