1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030938/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=53 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Presidents and First Ladies of Ukraine and Latvia paid tribute to fallen Ukrainian defenders in Lviv 3 March 2023 - 12:31 The Heads of State and First Ladies laid flowers at the graves of Ukrainian defenders at the Field of Honor at Lychakiv Cemetery in Lviv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited wounded Ukrainian soldiers in Lviv hospital and presented awards 3 March 2023 - 12:26 The Head of State spoke to the servicemen and wished them a speedy recovery. Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to the famous actress Katheryn Winnick, who became an ambassador of United4 1 March 2023 - 12:01 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a video call with Vikings star, Canadian actress of Ukrainian origin, director and producer Katheryn Winnick, who joined the ambassadors of the United24 fundraising platform. Head of State discussed prospects of Ukraine's accession to the OECD with OECD Secretary-General 28 February 2023 - 18:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Secretary-General of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Mathias Cormann, who is on a visit to Ukraine. President of Ukraine met with the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court 28 February 2023 - 17:31 The Head of State greeted Karim Khan, for whom it wasn’t the first visit to Kyiv, and thanked for the support our state has felt from the ICC since the first day of Russia's full-scale invasion. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 28 February 2023 - 15:19 The members of the Staff reviewed the overall operational situation and the likely nature of the enemy's actions in the near future. They also reviewed the state of supplying the defense forces with ammunition and equipment, the progress of training of Ukrainian servicemen abroad, and the needs of the defense forces in terms of numbers and specialties. President met with the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury 27 February 2023 - 18:15 The President noted the decision of the U.S. administration announced on February 24 to allocate USD 9.9 billion in direct budget support to our country in 2023. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that these funds are extremely important, as they allow us to cover the unfunded part of the state budget and support the segments of the population that need it most. President held an online meeting with representatives of the United News telethon 26 February 2023 - 20:58 The Head of State congratulated the media workers on the anniversary of the telethon and noted that United News played an important role in building public unity and trust in the context of Russia's full-scale war against Ukraine. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 26 February 2023 - 17:29 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the government of Saudi Arabia for its tangible support for Ukraine in the face of Russia's ongoing armed aggression: "First of all, I want to thank you for supporting peace in Ukraine, our sovereignty and territorial integrity. This is very important for us and our people, our society." Jets are the protection of our sky, we have taken major steps in this regard – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 February 2023 - 22:38 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy believes that the readiness of some partner countries to start training Ukrainian pilots is the first important step for Ukraine to receive Western fighter jets. The Head of State said this at a press conference for Ukrainian and foreign media entitled "February. The Year of Invincibility." 1 2 ... 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine