14 captures 20 Feb 2023 - 30 Jan 2025 Jan FEB Mar 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230220162626/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-zrobiti-tak-shob-same-cej-rik-stav-rokom-peremogi-pre-81117 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the Day of Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred 20 February 2023 - 09:07 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Joseph Biden unveiled a plaque dedicated to the U.S. President on the Walk of the Brave 20 February 2023 - 15:45 We must make sure that this year becomes the year of victory - President of Ukraine following negotiations with the U.S. President in Kyiv 20 February 2023 - 15:33 Leaders of Ukraine and the United States honored the memory of fallen Ukrainian defenders and visited St. Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery 20 February 2023 - 14:00 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of the United States in Kyiv 20 February 2023 - 12:16 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the United States in Kyiv 20 February 2023 - 12:09 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We must make sure that this year becomes the year of victory - President of Ukraine following negotiations with the U.S. President in Kyiv 20 February 2023 - 15:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy says that his negotiations with President of the United States Joseph Biden in Kyiv were important and meaningful, and their results will be felt on the battlefield - in strengthening Ukrainian warriors and de-occupying territories. "We have just held talks with Mr. President of the United States in a face-to-face format and in an expanded format, and it was a conversation that really brings our common victory in this war closer. We can and must make sure that this year, 2023, becomes the year of victory," the President of Ukraine said at a meeting with media representatives following the talks with Joseph Biden in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that this unprovoked and criminal war of Russia against Ukraine, the whole of Europe and the democratic world must end with the cleansing of Ukrainian land from Russian occupation and firm guarantees of long-term security for our country, Europe and the world. "Right now, the fate of the rules-based international order is being decided in Ukraine. Together with Mr. President Biden, our allies and partners, we must continue to do everything possible to ensure that the democratic world wins this historic battle," the Head of State is convinced. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted Joseph Biden's continued attention to the Ukrainian people and state. He noted that this was the first visit of the U.S. President to Ukraine in almost 15 years, and it was also the most important visit in the history of Ukrainian-American relations. "Because this period is the most difficult one, as our country is fighting for its freedom and freedom for all Europeans, for all people of the free world. And this shows what great results we have already achieved and what historic results we can achieve. But only together - with the whole world, with Ukraine, with the United States, with the whole of Europe," the President of Ukraine emphasized. According to him, the talks in Kyiv were important and meaningful, and their results will be felt on the battlefield - in strengthening Ukrainian warriors and de-occupying territories. "The United States' decision on Abrams for Ukraine laid the foundation for the tank coalition. Our progress in air defense is historically important, and Patriot to protect our cities is a fundamental reinforcement. We also discussed today the issue of long-range weapons and weapons that can be supplied to Ukraine, which was not the case before. This is very important. Mr. President, I know that a powerful defense support package is expected for Ukraine. And right now, such a significant package is a clear signal that Russian attempts at revanche will not stand a chance," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. "Together we will defend our Ukrainian cities and people from Russia's terror and powerfully build momentum for our victory," he added. During the meeting, the leaders also reaffirmed their shared vision of further developments and prospects in the war unleashed by Russia. "We have coordinated further pressure on the terrorist state. We are working together to strengthen sanctions against Russia both bilaterally and within the Group of Seven. In fact, we share a common view of the content of many points of our Peace Formula. Its security elements, the task to restore the full force of the UN Charter, to protect the rules-based international order is a common task of all countries interested in international security," the President of Ukraine noted. The interlocutors also discussed the restoration of justice for all those affected by Russian aggression and for the Ukrainian state as a whole. "The aggressor must be held to account for the aggression and compensate for the damage it caused. I thank the President for supporting our work to restore justice, including the work of all our institutions in this direction. We believe there is no alternative to the establishment of a special tribunal. This is Ukraine's position, and we will adhere to it. I would very much like the United States to be involved in the implementation of our Peace Formula. This will mean bracing global stability and predictability of international relations. We have certain developments on this path," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. In particular, he said that this week in New York, together with the United States and nearly 60 other countries, Ukraine would submit a draft resolution in support of peace to the UN General Assembly. "On the eve of February 24, the adoption of this resolution will be the best, powerful evidence that the terrorist force will never break civilized law," the Head of State emphasized. For his part, U.S. President Joseph Biden recalled that a year ago, after Russia's full-scale aggression began, Volodymyr Zelenskyy asked him to rally the leaders from around the world to support Ukraine. "That dark night one year ago, the world was literally at the time bracing for the fall of Kyiv. One year later Kyiv stands. And Ukraine stands. Democracy stands. America stands with you, and the world stands with you," Joseph Biden said. He noted that all Ukrainians, even children, are trying to contribute to the fight for their freedom. "This is the largest land war in Europe in three quarters of a century, and you are succeeding. Against all and every expectation, you are winning, and you will continue to prevail," the U.S. President emphasized. Joseph Biden noted that such aggression was a threat to everyone. That is why an international coalition was formed, and more than 50 countries provide humanitarian, economic and military support to Ukraine. In addition, the President of the United States announced that new sanctions would be announced shortly to prevent circumvention of existing sanctions mechanisms. Joseph Biden noted that the President and all citizens of Ukraine remind the world every single day what courage and bravery mean. "It's really astounding and reminds us that freedom is invaluable. It is priceless, and it is worth fighting for for as long as it takes. And that is how long we are going to be with you," the U.S. President assured. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the United States in Kyiv 20 February 2023 - 12:09 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the United States in Kyiv 20 February 2023 - 12:09 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine