10 captures 25 Feb 2022 - 19 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220225115117/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bazovij-scenarij-rosijskogo-napadu-na-ukrayinu-zajti-v-kiyiv-73157 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine 25 February 2022 - 13:36 View all videos n latest news Address by the President of Ukraine 25 February 2022 - 13:07 Mykhailo Podolyak: Baseline scenario of Russian attack on Ukraine is to enter Kyiv and liquidate the state leadership 25 February 2022 - 11:44 Address by the President on the second morning of the large-scale war 25 February 2022 - 07:27 Address by the President to Ukrainians at the end of the first day of Russia's attacks 25 February 2022 - 01:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Mykhailo Podolyak: Baseline scenario of Russian attack on Ukraine is to enter Kyiv and liquidate the state leadership 25 February 2022 - 11:44 Baseline scenario of the special operation of the Russian Federation against Ukraine is to enter Kyiv and liquidate the leadership of the state. But President Volodymyr Zelenskyy remains in the capital to show the sustainability of the Ukrainian people. This was said by Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President Mykhailo Podolyak at a briefing at the President's Office. "Today, the baseline scenario of the special operation of the Russian Federation is clear. The only goal is to enter Kyiv and liquidate the leadership of Ukraine, personally Volodymyr Zelenskyy. This is the purpose of the special operation. Therefore, there is such a crazy pressure on Kyiv. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy remains in Kyiv, because he must show the endurance of the Ukrainian people," said Mykhail Podolyak. He emphasized that Ukrainian soldiers continue to strongly resist the enemy and do not give up "an inch of land". "This applies not only to Zmiinyi, this applies to each piece of our land. Ukraine is precisely a state, and today it confirmed that," said Advisor to the Head of the President’s Office. According to him, the state banking sector works. "Only the branches in the cities where there are fighting collisions or those on a clash line do not work," said Mykhailo Podolyak. Mobile communication, energy and water supply operate in regular mode. All malfunctions are eliminated by repair brigades. "Transport, key roads operate in regular mode. Of course, they have some traffic jams, because panic moods, regretfully, are there, too,"said Advisor to the Head of the President’s Office. He said that in Ukraine ports are closed and aviation has been stopped, but most trains run in accordance with the schedule. "The availability of fuel is a problem. There are limits, there are queues at petrol stations, we are talking directly about it. Regarding the groceries - currently there is a sufficient quantity of goods in stores. They will be replenished, at least in those places where fighting does not happen today. The main networks of pharmacy distributors do not work, but the pharmacies themselves work," said Mykhailo Podolyak. The Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized that all energy facilities are protected and operating under the supervision of the state. "We have a completely controlled situation in Ukraine. This is the key thing," he summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine