6 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 09 Feb 2026 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233237/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vdyachni-daniyi-za-rozuminnya-yake-zustrichay-85041 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska: We are grateful to Denmark for understanding our struggle for life and freedom 21 August 2023 - 21:08 During a visit to the Kingdom of Denmark, Olena Zelenska met with Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs Morten Bødskov, Minister for Development Cooperation and Global Climate Policy Dan Jørgensen and representatives of the country's business community. The President's wife thanked for Denmark's leadership in financial assistance to our country and for the establishment of the Ukraine Support Fund. Its funds will be used to restore schools, hospitals, bomb shelters, water, heat and power supply, as well as to revitalize the Ukrainian economy and support the population of the war-affected territories, primarily Mykolaiv. Denmark has taken a leading role in the restoration of this city: On March 7, 2023, a memorandum of partnership between Denmark, Mykolaiv and Mykolaiv region was signed, which stipulates that Danish-Ukrainian cooperation will be carried out in eight areas: infrastructure, good governance, maritime industry, transport, urban planning, small and medium-sized business development, green transition, youth and culture. The First Lady spoke about the activities of the Olena Zelenska Foundation and the challenges the foundation seeks to address. "The aggressor is terrorizing the civilian population of Ukraine on a daily basis, targeting residential buildings, schools, kindergartens, critical and civilian infrastructure. In particular, last Saturday, the aggressor hit the center of Chernihiv with a missile, killing seven people, including one child, and injuring 148 people, including 15 children. "Today, millions of Ukrainians need treatment, rehabilitation, and humanitarian aid; medical and educational infrastructure needs to be restored. That is why the foundation's team and I have focused on three important areas of work: humanitarian aid, education and medicine," Olena Zelenska said. She expressed hope that in Denmark, which has consistently helped our country, the Foundation will find new like-minded people to rebuild Ukraine. The First Lady also visited Mary Elizabeth's Hospital - Rigshospitalet for Children, Teens and Expecting Families in Copenhagen. The President's wife visited the medical institution together with Minister for the Interior and Health of Denmark Sophie Løhde and project director of the hospital Merete Lang. "I am especially grateful to Denmark and its medical institutions that provide treatment and rehabilitation to wounded Ukrainian soldiers and civilians who receive effective comprehensive care in the best hospitals in Denmark," Olena Zelenska emphasized. During the medical evacuation program from Ukraine (since March 2022), 131 patients have been taken to Denmark, including 59 military personnel and four children with mine-blast injuries. The Kingdom also accepted 62 patients with cancer (most with skin melanoma) for treatment. The First Lady of Ukraine invited Sophie Løhde and Merete Lang to participate in the first conference of health ministers from around the world under the patronage of the Third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen to be held in Kyiv on September 6. "The war in Ukraine has also changed European medicine. There are more challenges for everyone. Only cooperation to save lives can be the answer to common threats to life," Olena Zelenska emphasized. She said that this is why Ukraine is initiating an international medical partnership program. This means that each interested country can establish direct cooperation with a specific hospital in Ukraine by choosing a suitable institution on its part. "We propose to consider establishing direct cooperation under this program between the Mary Elizabeth's Hospital for Children, Teens and Expecting Families (Copenhagen, Denmark) and the Kyiv Regional Children's Hospital (Boyarka, Ukraine). We propose cooperation between these medical institutions, as the Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen has a unique experience in integrated services for mothers and children. Not only children and adolescents, but also pregnant women receive care at this hospital, which ensures a continuous monitoring process and the possibility of early detection of many problems and diseases," the First Lady emphasized. As part of the visit to Denmark, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena also had an audience with Her Majesty Queen Margrethe II, His Royal Highness Crown Prince Frederik and Her Royal Highness Crown Princess Mary. Her Majesty is Supreme Commander-in-Chief of the Danish Armed Forces and holds the rank of Major in the Air Force. Olena Zelenska expressed her gratitude to the Queen for helping Ukraine and Ukrainians: "We will always be grateful for the support and understanding that our fight for life and freedom gets here." Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine