14 captures 01 Nov 2022 - 09 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 01 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221101200936/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-smirnov-proviv-zasidannya-robochoyi-grupi-zi-stvorenn-78853 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every Russian attack on our civilian objects brings the international consensus on Russia's liability closer - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 October 2022 - 22:38 View all videos n latest news President held a meeting on the results of the first parliamentary summit of the Crimea Platform 1 November 2022 - 21:47 Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal on the crime of aggression 1 November 2022 - 20:31 President of Ukraine had a phone call with the President of France 1 November 2022 - 19:06 Kyrylo Tymoshenko discussed with the UNICEF Ukraine Representative the urgent issues of support for Ukrainians during the war 1 November 2022 - 17:59 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic in Kyiv 31 October 2022 - 18:06 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal on the crime of aggression 1 November 2022 - 20:31 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal on the crime of aggression against Ukraine. People's deputies, representatives of the government and the Prosecutor General's Office took part in the meeting. Andriy Smyrnov, who is the coordinator of the working group, emphasized that despite the functioning of the mechanisms of the UN Security Council and the International Criminal Court, the creation of a special international tribunal is the only alternative for holding Russia to account for the crime of aggression. "We are creating a special tribunal as a punishment mechanism for crimes of aggression that has no alternative. There are no other working and effective options. It is not enough to simply admit it, it must be brought to the attention of the whole civilized world. Indeed, we sincerely thank everyone who supported us on this difficult path of reviving international law and responsibility from a century-old coma. But for the sake of a peaceful future, we must punish the hostile and aggressive tumor on the world map. And we must do it as soon as possible. For the sake of peace, security and in the name of all innocent people in Ukraine executed and maimed by the aggressor country," he said. According to the Deputy Head of the Office of the President, the special international tribunal should become an internationally recognized and maximally legitimate legal instrument, the jurisdiction of which will be recognized by as many countries as possible. "We call on major democracies, major continental countries, which globally shape security policy in the world, to take the role of leaders in the process of forming a special tribunal," emphasized Andriy Smyrnov. As noted at the meeting, the political decisions made by the partner countries in support of the creation of an international tribunal should be transformed into practical steps. Thus, in the Netherlands, it is planned to create an Interim Prosecutor's Office so that representatives of the Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine can start forming the evidence base for the crime of aggression and preparing charges. As Anton Korynevych, Ambassador-at-Large of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, informed the participants of the meeting, the European Parliament, the Parliamentary Assemblies of the Council of Europe, the OSCE and NATO, as well as the parliaments of the partner countries, supported the creation of the tribunal in their resolutions. Anton Korynevych noted that work is ongoing with representatives of the governments of other states to discuss the creation of a special international tribunal. Representatives of the Prosecutor General's Office informed about the investigation of proceedings related to crimes of aggression. The participants of the meeting emphasized the expediency of conducting systematic work with the parliaments of the partner countries to advocate the idea of creating a special tribunal. In addition, it is necessary to intensify the practical dialogue with the professional scientific community, mass media and international lawyers of these states. The issue of organizing thematic events in the countries of the world with the presentation of a special international tribunal was also considered. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine