7 captures 10 Dec 2019 - 25 Feb 2025 Aug SEP Oct 22 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230922205319/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nam-potribni-realni-rezultati-rozsliduvannya-sprav-majdanu-p-58477 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by the President and the First Lady of Ukraine to the U.S. government and business representatives, media and Ukrainian community 22 September 2023 - 12:05 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Justin Trudeau signed an updated Free Trade Agreement between Ukraine and Canada 22 September 2023 - 22:47 President and First Lady of Ukraine meet with Governor General of Canada in Ottawa 22 September 2023 - 19:45 President of Ukraine meets with Prime Minister of Canada in Ottawa 22 September 2023 - 18:57 To prevent universities and libraries from burning anywhere in the world, evil and aggression must be punished - Olena Zelenska during her visit to Georgetown University 22 September 2023 - 16:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to Canada 22 September 2023 - 16:18 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We need real results of the investigation of the Maidan cases - President 21 November 2019 - 11:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stresses the importance of real results of the investigation of crimes against the participants of the Revolution of Dignity. "Museum is not enough to honor the deceased. We need real results of the investigation of the Maidan cases,” the Head of State said during the memorial events on the Day of Dignity and Freedom in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the families of the deceased and the whole society should get the answers and the guilty should be punished. Speaking with the family members of the Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred and Euromaidan participants at the site of the future Museum of the Revolution of Dignity, the President emphasized once again that the investigation into the Maidan cases would be continued. "We asked to strengthen the team of investigators, to unite them. I think they will work together in both the prosecutor's office and the SBI. There will be 52 people. We all want the result,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. The relatives of the deceased asked the Head of State to increase responsibility for blasphemy to the memory of the heroes who gave their lives for the independence of Ukraine. They also stressed the importance of improving social protection of the relatives of the deceased. "I promise you to do everything you said. We are grateful for your relatives, for your loved ones who gave their lives,” the President emphasized. The families of the fallen Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred come together each year on February 20 to pay tribute and pray for them. “It would be great if we had certain results on February 20 already. I really hope so,” the President said. The Head of State also confirmed willingness to meet with the families of the Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred. ph Participation in events on the Day of Dignity and Freedom, Kyiv, November 21, 2019 21 November 2019 - 14:31 ph Participation in events on the Day of Dignity and Freedom, Kyiv, November 21, 2019 21 November 2019 - 14:31 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine