1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050836/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=12 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ukrainian delegation visited the State of Israel 12 April 2021 - 19:18 A Ukrainian delegation led by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov paid a visit to the State of Israel. The delegation included Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, Deputy Head of the President’s Office Ihor Zhovkva, and Deputy Minister of Health - Chief Public Health Physician of Ukraine Viktor Lyashko. Deputy Head of the Office of the President and the Ambassador of Sweden discussed Russia's escalation of the situation in eastern Ukraine and possible ways to stabilize it 12 April 2021 - 18:23 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with Ambassador of Sweden to Ukraine Tobias Thyberg to discuss the deteriorating situation in eastern Ukraine and near its border and possible ways to deter Russian aggression. Ihor Zhovkva discuss the development of bilateral political dialogue with diplomatic adviser to the President of Greece 8 April 2021 - 21:12 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Director of the Diplomatic Office of the President of the Hellenic Republic Maya Solomou. Ihor Zhovkva and adviser to the President of Latvia discussed counteraction to COVID-19, security situation in Donbas and support for Ukraine's European integration 8 April 2021 - 15:02 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held online consultations with Foreign Affairs Adviser to the President of Latvia Solveiga Silkalna. Constant monitoring of Russia's human rights violations in the occupied territories of Donbas and Crimea is urgently needed - Ihor Zhovkva 8 April 2021 - 14:06 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights Dunja Mijatović who is in Ukraine on a contact mission. Andriy Yermak met with the President of the humanitarian organization "Yahad-In Unum" 8 April 2021 - 13:46 Andriy Yermak thanked Father Patrick Desbois for his activities in the field of Holocaust research and for visiting Ukraine during the pandemic to take part in events related to Babyn Yar. According to him, for President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, this project is extremely important as a reminder that such a tragedy should never happen again. Head of the President's Office discussed the security situation in Donbas with the Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 7 April 2021 - 21:19 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference with International Affairs Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Quarrey. The Center for Countering Disinformation should become an international hub for collecting and analyzing information to ensure Ukraine's security and help our partners - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with foreign diplomats 6 April 2021 - 15:40 At a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7, Finland, Israel, as well as the heads of the EU and NATO missions in Ukraine, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak presented the work of the Center for Countering Disinformation and discussed opportunities for cooperation in information security. As regards the events in Jordan 4 April 2021 - 10:14 We wish the people of Jordan peace and prosperity. Roman Mashovets and Canadian Ambassador discussed Russia's non-compliance with the silence regime and the state of Ukraine's defense sector reform 2 April 2021 - 09:12 Deputy Head of the President's Office Roman Mashovets met with Canadian Ambassador to Ukraine Larisa Galadza to discuss the deteriorating situation in the east of our country, ways to deter Russian aggression and the state and prospects of reforming Ukraine's national security and defense sector. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine