1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024539/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=62 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Boris Johnson 22 January 2023 - 15:29 During the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Boris Johnson exchanged views on practical steps that the British politician could take to help Ukraine in this difficult time. President and First Lady take part in farewell ceremony for head and employees of Ministry of Internal Affairs killed in helicopter crash in Brovary 21 January 2023 - 14:12 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, together with his wife Olena Zelenska, took part in the farewell ceremony for the managers and employees of the Ministry of Internal Affairs killed as in a helicopter crash in Brovary, Kyiv region on January 18. President holds meeting with US Senate delegation 20 January 2023 - 19:48 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with United States Senators Lindsey Graham, Richard Blumenthal and Sheldon Whitehouse, who are visiting Kyiv. Head of state receives credentials from ambassadors of Cyprus, Austria, Finland and Libya 20 January 2023 - 19:28 "Thank you for being with us here in Kyiv at this hard time. Especially now when Ukraine is under regular heavy missile attacks by the terrorist state. We appreciate your solidarity," the Head of State said, addressing the newly appointed ambassadors. Volodymyr Zelenskyy has telephone call with Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 20 January 2023 - 18:37 The leaders underlined the need to continue the grain export agreement and noted the possibility of its expansion to other ports of Ukraine. The heads of state also supported the further action of the Ukrainian humanitarian initiative Grain from Ukraine. President of Ukraine met with Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency 19 January 2023 - 20:02 The Head of State emphasized the active role of the IAEA in resolving issues related to nuclear safety that is extremely important against the background of the war launched by Russia against our country. Charles Michel’s plaque was unveiled on the Walk of the Brave in Kyiv 19 January 2023 - 18:49 After their negotiations in Kyiv, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the European Council Charles Michel visited the Walk of the Brave on Constitution Square and took part in the unveiling of a plaque dedicated to the European leader. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Courage and motivation of Ukrainian warriors are not enough against thousands of Russian tanks - we need an appropriate amount of weapons 19 January 2023 - 18:17 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes the importance of approving the transfer of modern tanks to Ukraine as soon as possible, as every minute of delay costs the lives of Ukrainian warriors. He stated this during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with President of the European Council Charles Michel in Kyiv. The scale of our cooperation is a new history for both Ukraine and the European Union - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Charles Michel in Kyiv 19 January 2023 - 17:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Council Charles Michel who arrived in Ukraine on a visit. The abyss between Ukraine and Russia is deep, it was dug by Putin - President at the Davos Ukrainian Breakfast 19 January 2023 - 11:46 Ukraine needs cohesion and systemic assistance from partner countries in the fight against the Russian aggressor, because it is a fight against tyranny. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his online participation in the Davos Ukrainian Breakfast. 1 2 ... 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine