1 capture 23 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220323234441/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/druzhina-prezidenta-oznajomilasya-z-robotoyu-ukrayinskogo-zh-58941 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:30 View all videos n latest news Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:18 Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife President's wife got herself acquainted with the work of the Ukrainian Women's Business Club in Baku 17 December 2019 - 15:58 During an official visit of the President of Ukraine to Azerbaijan, the First Lady Olena Zelenska met with representatives of the Ukrainian Women's Business Club in Baku. The Ukrainian Women's Business Club chaired by the wife of the Ambassador of Ukraine to the Republic of Azerbaijan Lyudmyla Grebenichenko is a platform that generates creative ideas for a positive image of Ukraine in Azerbaijan. The initiatives of the Women's Business Club include the Days of Ukrainian Cinematography in Azerbaijan, joint Ukrainian-Azerbaijani projects in the field of tourism and medicine. Recently, the members of the club held a master class on the preparation of traditional Ukrainian dishes. Among the invited participants were the wives of ambassadors of foreign states accredited in Azerbaijan, heads of Azerbaijani cultural and educational institutions, journalists, representatives of the Ukrainian Diaspora. According to the organizers, the event became a successful implementation of cultural diplomacy in practice. The members of the club are also planning to hold the Ukrainian Fashion Weekend in Baku in spring 2020 and asked Olena Zelenska to support their idea and to unite efforts for a worthy presentation of Ukrainian designers, not only of clothes, but also of jewelry, ceramics and ethnic products. The First Lady gladly agreed to the proposal: “Ukrainian fashion is a special page for me. I am trying to wear Ukrainian clothes during official visits and events. And when I am asked about the outfit I am extremely proud to name a brand from Ukraine”. The participants of the Women's Business Club also discussed with Olena Zelenska the prospects for the development of Ukrainian-Azerbaijani tourism. Ukrainian Truskavets is already a very popular tourist destination for Azerbaijanis, but the club members believe that other Ukrainian cities should also be promoted for Azerbaijani tourists. In addition, women are convinced that Azerbaijan also has something to impress Ukrainian tourists. “Your enthusiasm in the promotion of Ukraine, the desire to tell more about our homeland, to share our best is clearly felt. I wish you further inspiration,” Olena Zelenska said and thanked them for promoting Ukraine in Azerbaijan. ph Official visit to the Republic of Azerbaijan 17 December 2019 - 08:51 ph Official visit to the Republic of Azerbaijan 17 December 2019 - 08:51 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine