8 captures 21 Nov 2022 - 13 Jul 2025 Oct NOV Dec 21 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221121182321/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-aleyi-smilivosti-zyavilasya-tablichka-prisvyachena-blagod-79329 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must remain principled in countering Russian aggression, joint action is true peacekeeping - speech by the President of Ukraine at the annual session of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly 21 November 2022 - 17:01 View all videos n latest news A plaque dedicated to philanthropist José Andrés appeared on the Walk of the Brave 21 November 2022 - 17:30 We must remain principled in countering Russian aggression, joint action is true peacekeeping - speech by the President of Ukraine at the annual session of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly 21 November 2022 - 16:53 On the occasion of the Day of Dignity and Freedom and the Day of Airborne Assault Troops, the President presented state awards to military and civilians 21 November 2022 - 16:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska honored the memory of the fallen participants of the Revolution of Dignity 21 November 2022 - 11:12 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the state award ceremony on the Day of Dignity and Freedom and the Day of Airborne Assault Troops 21 November 2022 - 14:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events A plaque dedicated to philanthropist José Andrés appeared on the Walk of the Brave 21 November 2022 - 17:30 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented founder of World Central Kitchen charity organization José Andrés a plaque with his name, which was unveiled on the Walk of the Brave on Constitution Square in Kyiv. During the unveiling of the plaque, the Head of State noted the great help that José Andrés provided to Ukrainians. From now on, the philanthropist’s name is engraved in the center of the capital - along with the names of those who have been with Ukraine since the first days of the full-scale invasion of Russia. "Thank you for everything you do. Now it will be in the history of our country, our independence. We will never forget this," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. "Thank you very much for your support. We feel that you have been with us since the very beginning of this tragedy - the full-scale invasion of the Russian aggressor. Thank you very much for standing with Ukrainians," the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also presented José Andrés with the Order of Merit of the II degree. The founder of World Central Kitchen charity organization once again arrived in Ukraine immediately after the liberation of Kherson. On the first day after the city's deoccupation, representatives of his organization managed to deliver a humanitarian cargo to Kherson and distribute 3,500 food kits to the residents. In total, 19,000 such kits have been distributed since the liberation of the regional center. Daily delivery of hot food to citizens living in non-gasified apartments and temporarily forced to cook food over a campfire due to lack of electricity supply was also established. In addition, World Central Kitchen representatives set up points in various districts of Kherson where people can collect water for consumption and cooking. The Walk of the Brave in Kyiv has already honored President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen, President of Poland Andrzej Duda, President of Latvia Egils Levits, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in 2019-2022 Boris Johnson, Prime Minister of the Czech Republic Petr Fiala, Prime Minister of Slovenia in 2020-2022 Janez Janša, Prime Minister of Poland Mateusz Morawiecki, Deputy Prime Minister of Poland in 2020-2022 Jarosław Kaczyński, American actor, film director, screenwriter and producer Sean Penn. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine