9 captures 07 Jul 2024 - 04 Dec 2025 Jun JUL Aug 07 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240707093548/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-zabezpechiti-realnu-mozhlivist-otrimati-energiyu-popr-91965 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Working on a New Strategy for Our State at Sea, It Will Soon Be Approved by the National Security and Defense Council – Address by the President of Ukraine 6 July 2024 - 19:34 View all videos n latest news We Are Working on a New Strategy for Our State at Sea, It Will Soon Be Approved by the National Security and Defense Council – Address by the President of Ukraine 6 July 2024 - 19:28 We Must Ensure Real Opportunity to Get Energy Despite Russian Terror and Continue Strengthening Air Defense – the President of Ukraine 5 July 2024 - 22:19 I Am Grateful to Our Partners for Fulfilling Air Defense Agreements — Address by the President of Ukraine 5 July 2024 - 18:33 The President Participated in the Swearing-in of Newly Appointed Judges 5 July 2024 - 16:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President Participated in the Swearing-in of Newly Appointed Judges 5 July 2024 - 16:06 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We Must Ensure Real Opportunity to Get Energy Despite Russian Terror and Continue Strengthening Air Defense – the President of Ukraine 5 July 2024 - 22:19 Energy generation programs, energy decentralization and capacity increase were discussed today by participants of the extended meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities, chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The Head of State pointed out that because of the Russian terrorist attacks on our energy facilities and the destruction of a significant part of power generation, energy challenges are the number one priority today, and the issue of preparing for winter is particularly topical. "The Government of Ukraine has been given a clear task, namely, to develop a package of solutions so that our people, all Ukrainian communities, Ukrainian businesses can overcome this situation and have a real opportunity to get energy for themselves, despite Russian terror," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said at the beginning of the meeting. The President is convinced that the solution to energy issues is comprehensive and requires strong air defense and steps to support citizens, ensure physical defense and reconstruction of energy facilities, cooperation with partners on electricity imports from the EU to Ukraine and the possibility of creating new generating capacities. "We need full support for communities, for people, for enterprises, for business. It is very important that new generating capacities could be created locally and that the decentralization of Ukraine's energy potential could truly be extended to the whole country," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The Head of State thanked the partners from the G7 and other countries for strengthening the air defense: today a new system from Germany was put into operation, and there is also a reinforcement from the United States. He also expressed his hope that the NATO Summit will bring significant results in the protection of Ukrainian skies. Andriy Yermak, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, emphasized that all state support instruments should be accessible, transparent, understandable and as simple as possible. "The economy is in dire need of additional generation. Therefore, financial instruments for citizens, condominiums and businesses should start working as soon as possible," he said. It is necessary to take into account the possible risks of new strikes on the most critical areas of the energy system, to reserve funds in advance, to take care of specialists who will quickly design, install and adjust the operation of new equipment. Andriy Yermak announced the launch of regular briefings on the situation in Ukraine chaired by the Minister of Energy and attended by the heads of regional military administrations, mayors, and international partners. This should ensure coordinated and transparent work as well as public reporting on the status of local events related to energy issues. "It is important that everyone understands what kind of our partners’ equipment was delivered and how it works, where it is still missing and when it will appear, where help is still needed, and where we have successes or challenges. This information should be widely covered in the media, and every citizen of Ukraine should understand what is happening in each community and that everything is really being done to ensure light and heat," the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. The Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal stated that the Government is already working on the tasks set on the instructions of the President, focusing on energy system decentralization. According to the Prime Minister, key steps in this direction have already been taken. Yuliia Svyrydenko, First Deputy Prime Minister of Ukraine – Minister of Economy of Ukraine, spoke in detail about a number of programs implemented by the government. These include interest-free loans to citizens for the installation of energy equipment, loans to businesses for energy efficiency and alternative generation, the possibility for condominiums and housing cooperatives to join the program of preferential loans for the installation of alternative electricity generation equipment, and the extension of the state program "5-7-9%" for the purchase and installation of gas-fired power generation units. The interest rate will be reduced for the de-occupied and frontline territories. According to Yuliia Svyrydenko, the programs will start working on July 20 this year. German Galushchenko, Minister of Energy of Ukraine spoke about the decisions already taken on energy sector activities for the period of martial law, which simplify the regulatory policy and the connection of new capacities to the power grid. The event was also attended by representatives of the Presidential Office, Government officials, Governor of the National Bank of Ukraine Andriy Pyshnyy, foreign diplomats, representatives of international organizations, heads of regional military administrations, representatives of communities and local authorities. Oleksiy Kuleba, Deputy Head of the Office of the President and Executive Secretary of the Presidium, confirmed the authority of the meeting, attended by almost 160 participants. Regional representatives had an opportunity to share their experience in implementing projects and engaging in government programs for energy recovery. Participants of the meeting were informed about the situation in the Kharkiv, Zhytomyr, Lviv, and Kyiv regions. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine