1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071517/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=52 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy's first phone conversation with President of China Xi Jinping took place 13 July 2021 - 20:44 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyyi had a phone conversation with President of the People's Republic of China Xi Jinping. The leaders exchanged congratulations on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the establishment of a strategic partnership between Ukraine and China and reaffirmed their mutual commitment to its development and deepening. President of Ukraine discussed with the Vice-President of the European Commission a strategic partnership with the EU in the field of raw materials and energy security 13 July 2021 - 20:26 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Vice-President of the European Commission for Interinstitutional Relations and Foresight Maroš Šefčovič. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Israeli President Isaac Herzog 13 July 2021 - 15:58 Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated his Israeli counterpart on taking office and wished him success in his public duties. The President of Ukraine praised the dynamics of Ukrainian-Israeli relations and expressed confidence in their further development. President on the results of the meeting with the German Chancellor: Ukraine's partners understand that Nord Stream 2 is not a purely economic project 13 July 2021 - 13:51 During a more than four-hour meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed security issues in Ukraine and Europe, including a peaceful settlement in Donbas and the risks of Nord Stream 2. President: No nationality in Ukraine should feel like a minority, because we are all equal and worthy 13 July 2021 - 12:46 National communities in Ukraine must be an integral part of Ukrainian society without losing their identity. To this end, work is underway to develop a bill on the national communities of Ukraine, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the opening of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Humanitarian Policy" in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It is our duty to make Babyn Yar a place of memory, not a place of oblivion 13 July 2021 - 12:30 Preservation of historical memory is an important component of Ukraine’s humanitarian policy. Therefore, by the 90th anniversary of the Holodomor of 1932-1933, the second stage of the National Museum of the Holodomor-Genocide will be completed. It is also important to honor the memory of the victims of the tragedy in Babyn Yar, the 80th anniversary of which will be marked this September. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the opening of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine-30. Humanitarian Policy" in Kyiv. All countries must put pressure on Russia to hold a meeting in the Normandy format to establish peace in Ukraine - President 12 July 2021 - 22:38 The President of Ukraine called for increased pressure on Russia to make it fulfill its peacekeeping commitments. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Nord Stream 2 should be considered in the format of the Normandy Four, because this is an issue of security in Ukraine 12 July 2021 - 22:22 The implementation of the Nord Stream 2 project should be considered at a meeting in the Normandy format with representatives of Germany and France, as it is an integral part of Ukraine’s security. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a joint meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel with media representatives in Berlin. President of Ukraine keeps saying that the damage from Nord Stream 2 will be of not only economic, but also security nature - Press Secretary 12 July 2021 - 19:48 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy brought significant arguments to the talks in Germany against the construction of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, which poses both economic and security threats. This was announced by Press Secretary of the President Serhiy Nykyforov during a conversation with the media in Berlin. In a phone conversation, Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Maia Sandu on the successful holding of the parliamentary elections in Moldova 12 July 2021 - 18:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the Republic of Moldova Maia Sandu. The President congratulated his colleague on the successful holding of early elections to the Parliament of the Republic of Moldova. 1 2 ... 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine