1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071129/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=26 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President made a test trip on a new train made in Ukraine 9 November 2021 - 13:10 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy inspected the DPKr-3 regional diesel train, which was built this year at PJSC “Kryukov Railway Car Building Works”. The Head of State made a test trip on the diesel train on the route from Darnytsia technical station to Kyiv-Pasazhyrskyi station. President commends the appointment of the first composition of the Ethics Council as an extremely important stage in the successful implementation of judicial reform 9 November 2021 - 09:15 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy commends the current composition of the Ethics Council, which is designed to establish compliance of the candidate for the position of a member of the High Council of Justice with the criteria of professional ethics and integrity. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the President of Poland 8 November 2021 - 21:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of Poland Andrzej Duda. The parties exchanged views on the difficult situation on the Polish-Belarusian border. Despite the difficult situation with the spread of COVID-19, the rate of hospitalizations in Ukraine is being stabilized - conference call with the President 8 November 2021 - 15:48 The situation with the spread of COVID-19 in Ukraine, the course of vaccination, the provision of hospitals with oxygen and business support during the "red" level of epidemic danger were discussed at a conference call chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President: We will never forget the price at which Kyiv was liberated from the Nazi invaders 6 November 2021 - 12:11 On the 78th anniversary of the liberation of Kyiv from the Nazi invaders, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy laid flowers in the memorial hall of the Monument - Museum of the Liberation of Kyiv, located on the territory of the National Museum-Reserve "Battle for Kyiv in 1943" in the village of Novi Petrivtsi, Kyiv region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe 5 November 2021 - 20:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe Marija Pejčinović Burić. President immediately signed the anti-oligarchic law passed by the Verkhovna Rada 5 November 2021 - 15:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy immediately signed Law № 1780-IX adopted by the Verkhovna Rada “On Prevention of Threats to National Security Related to Excessive Influence of Persons Who Have Significant Economic and Political Weight in Public Life (Oligarchs)”. President introduced newly appointed Minister of Defense Oleksiy Reznikov 4 November 2021 - 17:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy introduced newly appointed Minister of Defense Oleksiy Reznikov to the Ministry of Defense and the General Staff of the Armed Forces. President: Community safety begins where the street is lit at night, where people are not afraid to turn to the police 4 November 2021 - 13:22 The Ukrainian state, together with local authorities and territorial communities, must create a safe environment for every Ukrainian. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Safe Community" in Kyiv. On a submission from Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Verkhovna Rada appointed Oleksiy Reznikov Minister of Defense of Ukraine 4 November 2021 - 11:42 Presenting Oleksiy Reznikov's candidacy for the post of Defense Minister in the session hall of the parliament, Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed confidence that the new minister, like his predecessor, would work to strengthen Ukraine's defense capabilities. 1 2 ... 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine