8 captures 24 Nov 2020 - 04 Apr 2025 Mar APR May 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240413155426/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-vistupaye-za-zberezhennya-podatkovoyi-stavki-63701?fbclid=IwAR07Xo9zDJYwbv7uVKsd7QoSMtGnyyFkamMCSwrJ223kkxsrIFcPkgmiQjo Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Serial production and new models of missiles: our "defence industry" has the necessary results – address of the President of Ukraine 10 April 2024 - 20:14 View all videos n latest news The President of Ukraine Had a Phone Call with Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz 13 April 2024 - 16:51 Thanks to You, Everyone in the World Can See the Strength of Our Country — The President Congratulated the Employees of the Defense and Industrial Complex 13 April 2024 - 14:55 Andriy Yermak: Global Support for the Ukrainian Peace Formula Can Facilitate the "All for All" Prisoner Exchange 12 April 2024 - 23:00 The Reintegration Management Program Project is Launched under the Auspices of the Office of the President of Ukraine 12 April 2024 - 21:35 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President takes part in events on the Ukraine's Defense and Industrial Complex Employees Day 13 April 2024 - 14:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President stands for keeping the tax rate for IT at the level of 5% 17 September 2020 - 17:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stands for keeping the tax rate for IT employees at the level of 5%. "This industry in the country is developed not due to the state, but due to the intelligence of Ukrainians," the President said at a meeting with representatives of IT business in Lviv within a working trip to the region. He believes that today the state should not interfere in the further development of the industry, but can and should help. "One of the steps that the state can take is not to increase the tax burden on this industry," Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. "The state will always support the IT industry, and taxes will not be above 5%, because we want Ukraine to be such an IT hub in Europe," he added during a conversation with the media, noting that many representatives of leading IT companies from Belarus apply to Ukraine for employment. The President also noted that he had always treated workers in this field with respect. Today it is one of the few professions that can not only ensure a modern and decent standard of living, but also change the state, help fight corruption. "It is with digital that we can implement any important reforms. And what everyone is saying: we need honest customs, honest law enforcement agencies, we need to overcome corruption - we all understand that the human factor is very difficult to fix. But digital, the IT industry can do it," the President said. "We thank you for supporting the IT industry in terms of taxation, and we would like to ask you to continue to provide this support, this 5% tax," Taras Kitsmey, President of IT Ukraine association said. He also expressed the belief that the IT industry in Ukraine has prospects for development, and maintaining such a tax rate will facilitate the influx of personnel from abroad and ensure the retention of talented professionals in Ukraine. Taras Kitsmey also stated that tax revenues from IT increased by 25% compared to the same period last year. CEO of the Lviv IT Cluster Stepan Veselovsky told the Head of State that the region has 461 IT companies with more than 25,000 employees. "It is important that the IT industry in Lviv, and in the country as a whole, creates three additional jobs in related industries, and in fact we can say that it is budget-generating," he said. In addition, representatives of this industry are working to train high-quality professionals and launch bachelor's programs under which almost three thousand students study in the region at the moment. The average score is from 176 to 194, i.e. the best students study there. During the conversation, the participants of the meeting also raised the issue of the existence of legislation that would promote the protection of IT specialists. In particular, prevent unjustified seizure of servers and increase the responsibility for such actions. In addition, the protection of intellectual property was discussed. The President spoke in support of such steps, as the IT sector in Ukraine is one of the most transparent. "We need to make all these conditions the most attractive for the sector," he said. ph Working trip to the Lviv region 17 September 2020 - 12:09 ph Working trip to the Lviv region 17 September 2020 - 12:09 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine