5 captures 03 May 2024 - 13 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240503111944/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/derzhava-agresorka-rf-ne-bratime-uchasti-v-inavguracijnomu-g-90669 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Day is Devoted to the Situation in the Khmelnytskyi Region: Security, Protection of the Region, Contribution to the Defense of the Whole of Ukraine – Address by the President 3 May 2024 - 13:42 View all videos n latest news The Day is Devoted to the Situation in the Khmelnytskyi Region: Security, Protection of the Region, Contribution to the Defense of the Whole of Ukraine – Address by the President 3 May 2024 - 13:37 The Aggressor State of the Russian Federation will not Participate in the Inaugural Global Peace Summit – Andriy Yermak on the Air of the "United News" Telethon 3 May 2024 - 08:40 The President Met with the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs of the United Kingdom 3 May 2024 - 08:09 Andriy Yermak: Representatives of Ukrainian Culture are Important in Spreading the Idea of Supporting the Global Peace Summit in the World 2 May 2024 - 20:50 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President and First Lady Met with HRH Duchess Sophie of Edinburgh 30 April 2024 - 09:36 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The Aggressor State of the Russian Federation will not Participate in the Inaugural Global Peace Summit – Andriy Yermak on the Air of the "United News" Telethon 3 May 2024 - 08:40 Ukraine expects the Global Peace Summit that will take place in Switzerland on June 15-16 to be attended by the state leaders from all continents who respect international law and the principles of the UN Charter. The Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak said this on the air of the “United News” telethon. He emphasized that the main idea of the Global Peace Summit is to return to the principles of international law, which can protect any country from the actions of aggressors. This is the approach that should dominate international relations. "It is necessary to return a just peace to the Ukrainian land, to restore respect for international law and the UN Charter. And, of course, we need to consolidate the responsible countries to further support Ukraine and to show that all these countries are interested in the war ending," said Andriy Yermak. The Head of the President's Office stated that the notion of a just peace is not only the end of the war, but also the restoration of territorial integrity and sovereignty, the return of all Ukrainian POWs and illegally deported children. "It is important for Ukraine that the Global Peace Summit is attended by as many countries as possible. That is why everyone is involved: the government, the parliament, and the Presidential Office – everyone is working to make the world speak about the Peace Summit and encourage leaders to participate in it," emphasized Andriy Yermak. According to him, China's participation is particularly important. Therefore, diplomats at all levels are working to ensure that representatives of this country join the Global Peace Summit. The Head of the President's Office also emphasized that the aggressor state of Russia will not participate in the first Peace Summit. This is Ukraine's principled position. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine