9 captures 21 Jun 2021 - 09 Feb 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071301/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pid-chas-zasidannya-palati-regioniv-kongresu-miscevih-ta-reg-68933 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events During a meeting of the Chamber of Regions of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities, the President offered to achieve a common goal - one new park in each community 8 June 2021 - 21:37 An important function of the Chamber of Regions of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine should be to balance different views on regional development. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting of the Chamber of Regions of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President, which took place in Dnipro. The President noted that as of today, the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities unites 1,551 communities. He noted that due to decentralization, local communities receive more resources: powers, property, land, funds, but at the same time - have more challenges and risks. "Strengthening local self-government does not mean weakening the unity and unitarity of our state. And any attempts, as well as thoughts about building a separate federal principality within the community at the expense of local property or local budget will be severely rebuffed, especially by our voters," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. According to the Head of State, one of the main functions of the upper chamber of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities should be to balance different views and approaches to regional development, improve service quality, strengthen regional economies, attract real investment and create new jobs to improve living standards. The President also called on the Congress to unite to implement the ideas of environmental protection in the framework of the Green Country project initiated by him. "I want to offer the participants of the Congress a common goal - 1551 new parks. That is one new park in each community," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. For his part, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak noted that the activity of the Congress is held within two chambers: the Chamber of Local Authorities, which met last week, and the Chamber of Regions, which met today in Dnipro. "The uniqueness of this Congress is that it is created under the European model, and it is a platform with a direct communication of all branches of government - from a small UTC to the mayor of a city of millions, where everyone can ask any questions to the President of Ukraine, members of government," he said. Andriy Yermak added: it is very important for the leaders of the regions to be "first of all top managers and only for a bit - politicians". Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Kyrylo Tymoshenko said that since last week's meeting of the Chamber of Local Authorities, the Presidential Office has received the first appeals from regional heads, heads of regional councils, UTCs, and they are already being processed. "I would like to emphasize that all your proposals and decisions will be implemented through the decisions of the President, government and parliament. The Congress was created for this purpose. We do not replace any associations, but simply shorten the way to resolve the issues of any mayor or UTC," he said. During the meeting, members of the Chamber of Regions outlined the most pressing issues. In particular, the issue of installing automatic weight and dimension control systems on the roads was raised. In response, the President stressed the importance of installing Weigh-in-Motion road monitoring systems on highways, which should protect the repaired road surface from destruction. "Let us not build one or two kilometers of roads this year out of the thousands you are building, but with this money we will put WIM everywhere. Otherwise we can find ourselves without roads," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, addressing Infrastructure Minister Oleksandr Kubrakov. For his part, the Minister of Infrastructure said that last year up to 50 WIM complexes were installed on the roads of Ukraine, and this year it is planned to install about 50 more across the country. "This number will be enough to put things right," he said. The participants of the meeting also spoke about the water supply of the east and south of Ukraine and the management of the regions in the regime of military-civil administrations. ph Working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region 8 June 2021 - 11:42 ph Working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region 8 June 2021 - 11:42 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine