4 captures 28 Jun 2020 - 13 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220520102018/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pitannya-kontrolyu-za-zrostannyam-zarazhennya-koronavirusom-61829 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Together we must ensure that Russia does not have any success in the aggression against Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 May 2022 - 23:56 View all videos n latest news Together we must ensure that Russia does not have any success in the aggression against Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 May 2022 - 23:51 President offers to extend the simplified procedure for admission to higher education institutions to graduates from all territories of Ukraine, which are currently temporarily occupied 19 May 2022 - 22:13 Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak at the Chatham House think tank 19 May 2022 - 21:26 President of Ukraine: I am proud that Ukrainian is fashionable in the world 19 May 2022 - 20:55 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the AFU servicemen who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 15:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The issues of controlling the spread of coronavirus were discussed at a meeting with the President of Ukraine 25 June 2020 - 13:29 With observance of the measures developed by the Government of Ukraine to curb the spread of coronavirus, there can be no significant increase in the number of patients. This was announced by Minister of Health Maksym Stepanov during a traditional conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on preventing the spread of COVID-19 after studying the issue with epidemiologists. In addition, some countries mitigate restrictive measures even more than Ukraine. The Minister concludes that daily infection anti-records occur due to quarantine violations. At the same time, the Ministry of Internal Affairs reported that the number of fines for enterprises and institutions that violate quarantine has tripled in the last three days. The Ministry of Internal Affairs sees the biggest problems in public transport, where the distance and the mask regime are constantly violated. There are also problems with crowds. In total, fines in the amount of more than 5 million hryvnias have already been imposed. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy considers the work on explaining to people the need to comply with quarantine measures after the rules are mitigated insufficient. "In some regions, more than half of the beds in hospitals are already occupied, and the number of patients is growing every day. If we do not stop this growth, we will have the peak of the disease right in the middle of summer. It will be bad for everyone. Then no one will be happy about quarantine mitigation," the President said. Minister of Economic Development, Trade and Agriculture Ihor Petrashko said that this week the number of inspectors checking the institutions and explaining to the population the need for quarantine measures was increased from 700 to 2,500 people. At the same time, the Minister of Health said that the quality of medical care provided to patients with COVID-19 has been improved, and even after the increase in the number of patients, the number of those who need to be connected to ventilators will not increase. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine