1 capture 06 Jun 2024 May JUN Jul 06 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240606154221/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=05-06-2023&date-to=&_token=riAXbWOZmnaxYqbzEX3szS44f7JUwunzaKso1Rbi Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It Is Only the Beginning of June, but These Are Already the Weeks That Will Define the Whole Summer, and in Many Ways This Year – the Address by the President 4 June 2024 - 19:59 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the State of Qatar 5 June 2024 - 21:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The President Met with the Amir of Qatar 5 June 2024 - 21:04 The President emphasized the importance of Qatar's support for the Ukrainian Peace Formula. He also spoke about the preparations for the Global Peace Summit, which will include the release of captives and the return of deported Ukrainians among its topics. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Rishi Sunak Discussed the Global Peace Summit and the Continuation of Defense Cooperation 5 June 2024 - 18:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a telephone conversation with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak. The International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children is Constantly Growing – Olena Zelenska in an Interview with Latin American Media 5 June 2024 - 15:19 Ukraine is searching for 19,000 Ukrainian children forcibly taken by the aggressor state of Russia. These are only those whose names have been verified. First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska said this in an interview with journalists from Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Mexico, Peru, El Salvador and Chile. Our task is to provide Ukraine with all the opportunities to produce weapons and ammunition to have reliable protection against aggression – address of the President 4 June 2024 - 22:55 The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, Andriy Yermak, held an online meeting with the heads of the world's leading universities and educational associations. He spoke about the Peace Formula proposed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, ways of its implementation, and preparations for the Global Peace Summit. It Is Only the Beginning of June, but These Are Already the Weeks That Will Define the Whole Summer, and in Many Ways This Year – the Address by the President 4 June 2024 - 19:57 We are doing everything necessary, step by step, to make Russia see that we have the means to respond to any attempt to expand the war and increase pressure on Ukraine. And we are working with our partners to improve our capabilities – to make them even more long-range. Olena Zelenska Honored the Memory of Children Killed as a Result of Russian Aggression Against Ukraine 4 June 2024 - 15:15 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the event on the occasion of the International Day of Innocent Children Victims of Aggression and the Day of Remembrance of Children Who Were Killed as a Result of the Armed Aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine. The event took place on the territory of the National Museum of the History of Ukraine in the Second World War Memorial Complex. In Manila, the President of Ukraine Met with the President of the Republic of the Philippines for the First Time 3 June 2024 - 06:59 The President of Ukraine spoke about the preparations for the first Global Peace Summit and emphasized the importance of the representation of Southeast Asian countries at the event. The Philippines agreed to participate in the Summit. President Met with Prime Minister of Singapore 2 June 2024 - 14:09 The parties discussed preparations for the first inaugural Global Peace Summit. Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about Ukraine's vision of the Summit's outcomes and invited the Prime Minister of Singapore to personally participate in it. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed the Peace Summit and the Development of Bilateral Relations with the President of Singapore 2 June 2024 - 12:52 The Head of State expressed gratitude for the clear position of Singapore on condemning Russian aggression, supporting sanctions pressure on Russia and for the humanitarian assistance provided. President at the Press Conference in Singapore: Peace Summit Is the Beginning of the Path to Ending the War, Not to Another Escalation by Russia 2 June 2024 - 12:23 It is only Ukraine, as a victim of war, that has the full right to initiate the path to ending it, namely the Peace Summit. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with foreign media representatives on the sidelines of the IISS Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine