1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221555/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to actor Mark Strong, who became a United24 ambassador 27 September 2023 - 22:29 For his part, Mark Strong noted that he was honored to become the voice of Ukrainian children in the world to help them have a better future. Our warriors need more means of Russian missiles, combat drones and aircraft destruction – address by the President of Ukraine 27 September 2023 - 22:25 No matter what happens in the world, no matter what the external conditions are, we must remember that it is only our conditions, our internal attitude to Ukraine, to freedom, to our goals, that will determine when we will achieve our goal. The main goal – Ukraine's victory. President received letters of credence from the newly appointed ambassadors of Estonia, Slovenia, Hungary and the EU 27 September 2023 - 21:35 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy received letters of credence from the newly appointed Ambassador of the Estonian Republic to Ukraine Annely Kolk, Ambassador of the Republic of Slovenia to Ukraine Mateja Prevolšek, Ambassador of Hungary to Ukraine Antal Heizer and EU Ambassador to Ukraine Katarina Mathernova. President of Ukraine received letters of credence from the newly appointed ambassadors of France, Great Britain and Canada 27 September 2023 - 21:12 The ceremony traditionally took place on the territory of the National Conservation Area “St. Sophia of Kyiv”. Ukraine launches information campaign in Russia to return deported Ukrainian children 27 September 2023 - 15:27 As part of the implementation of the Bring Kids Back UA action plan approved by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the "If You Know, Tell" information campaign was launched to motivate people living in Russia to oppose the forced deportation of Ukrainian children and to facilitate the return of young Ukrainian citizens to Ukraine. Head of the Presidential Office had a phone call with the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy 27 September 2023 - 11:42 Andriy Yermak thanked the government and people of Italy for their unwavering support of our country in the fight for freedom and common European democratic values. The interlocutors touched upon the issue of defense support, in particular in the context of the appointment of the new Minister of Defense of Ukraine. There will be more Ukrainian actions against the terrorist state — address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 September 2023 - 20:23 The supply of shells. This is a topic we are dealing with on a daily basis. Supplies from partners. Searching for new opportunities in the world — we know exactly how to secure supplies. And we are gradually increasing the volume of Ukrainian production. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the National Council of Austria 26 September 2023 - 17:15 Volodymyr Zelenskyy praised the readiness of the Austrian side to join the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. He informed about the next steps in the practical implementation of the Peace Formula, including the preparation of the Global Peace Summit. The best thing for us is to be capable of producing advanced weapons to guarantee Ukraine's security, and we will do so - address by the President 25 September 2023 - 21:42 We see a very clear interest of the world in working with us to build a new defense force not only for Ukraine, but also for our partners. It was a very productive week, we have a lot of good defense and other decisions – address by the President of Ukraine 24 September 2023 - 21:07 We have a clear perspective of a new resilience of Ukraine that will prevent the recurrence of Russian aggression – this is what we have already agreed on. I am grateful to President Biden, his entire team, and everyone in America who values freedom and supports Ukraine. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine