1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072558/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=50 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Roman Mashovets discussed security issues with Brittany Stewart within preparations for Volodymyr Zelenskyy's visit to the United States 27 August 2021 - 10:13 Roman Mashovets noted the practical readiness to elaborate three bilateral documents on defense partnership, projects in the field of research, development, testing and evaluation and cooperation in the space sphere. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I do my best to make Ukraine respected abroad, so that our state acquires agency 26 August 2021 - 23:41 Ukraine is gaining agency in world politics, and the evidence of this is the large number of foreign delegations that took part in the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform on August 23. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said this in the “Right to Power” program on 1+1 TV channel. Education is important for the Ukrainian state, that is why the Presidential University is being established - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 August 2021 - 23:33 The current government cares about the education and quality of training of future professionals in Ukraine. That is why the idea of creating a Presidential University as an example of a university, which will provide decent conditions for study and work, emerged. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the "Right to Power" program on 1+1 TV channel. President: To become attractive to the world, Ukraine must have freedom, order and security 26 August 2021 - 23:06 Ukraine will become attractive for investors and comfortable to live in if it provides citizens with freedom, order and security. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the “Right to Power” program on 1+1 TV channel. During a phone conversation with the Emir of Qatar, the President discussed cooperation to evacuate citizens from Afghanistan 26 August 2021 - 20:49 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Emir of the State of Qatar Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani. In the presence of the President of Ukraine, a memorandum was signed to help attract export financing for Ukrainian railways 26 August 2021 - 19:02 In the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a Memorandum of Understanding was signed between the Ministry of Infrastructure of Ukraine, JSC Ukrzaliznytsia and Stadler CIS AG, Stadler Rail AG (Switzerland) and the Swiss Export Risk Insurance Agency SERV, which determines the principles of cooperation and the mechanism of joint work of the parties on the development of the railway transport sector of Ukraine. President of Ukraine will make a visit to the Republic of Moldova 26 August 2021 - 14:00 On Friday, August 27, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will visit Chișinău on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the independence of the Republic of Moldova at the invitation of President of Moldova Maia Sandu. Ukraine continues to receive congratulations from all over the world on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of independence, in particular from the leaders of China, UAE, Japan, Finland, Azerbaijan and other countries 25 August 2021 - 21:30 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy received congratulations from the leaders of China, Japan, India, the UAE, Finland, Denmark, Romania, Azerbaijan and other countries on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of our country's independence. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Minister of Europe and Foreign Affairs of France during the festivities on Independence Day 24 August 2021 - 18:23 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked with Minister of Europe and Foreign Affairs of France Jean-Yves Le Drian, who arrived in Kyiv to take part in the celebrations on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence. Leaders of the United States, Germany, Great Britain, Sweden, the Netherlands and other countries congratulated Ukraine on the 30th anniversary of independence 24 August 2021 - 16:15 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy received congratulations from the leaders of the United States, Germany, Great Britain, Sweden, the Netherlands, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and other countries on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence. 1 2 ... 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine