16 captures 20 Mar 2023 - 21 May 2025 Feb MAR Apr 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230320131130/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-predstaviv-vasilya-malyuka-kerivnomu-skladu-s-80953 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Expelling the occupier, clearing our land of traces of the evil state, punishing terrorists are our tasks that we will fulfill - address by the President of Ukraine 19 March 2023 - 20:57 View all videos n latest news Expelling the occupier, clearing our land of traces of the evil state, punishing terrorists are our tasks that we will fulfill - address by the President of Ukraine 19 March 2023 - 20:57 When Ukraine defends itself, when the power of justice are restored on our land, it will guarantee peace for many other parts of the world as well – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2023 - 21:24 Sanctions against Russia are working, but there are opportunities to toughen them – study conducted by Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group jointly with KSE experts 18 March 2023 - 17:59 Representatives of Ukraine and the United States discussed repelling aggression 18 March 2023 - 00:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President introduced Vasyl Malyuk to the senior staff of the Security Service 13 February 2023 - 12:35 On Monday, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy introduced the newly appointed head of the Security Service of Ukraine Vasyl Malyuk to the senior staff of the Security Service. The Head of State noted that Major General Vasyl Malyuk is a combat officer and a professional. "Since the beginning of the full-scale invasion, Vasyl Malyuk has proved that he is a patriot, a professional and exactly the right person to lead the Security Service of our country," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. According to the President, the Security Service is changing dynamically and fundamentally, becoming a powerful and modern service. "The enemy knows that these professional people will not give him a single chance. That is why he is very afraid of you. The key thing is to ensure all this and not to lose it until the end of the war and after our victory. Because there will be a lot of challenges in our country," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the Security Service is currently fighting collaborators. "I strongly believe that you and your colleagues will deal with these issues," the Head of State emphasized. The President praised the work of the Security Service, particularly those who are fighting the enemy in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine. "I support you personally, Vasyl Vasyliovych, and your colleagues. I wish all of you and your families health, and I wish us all victory! Glory to Ukraine!" he said. At the request of Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the attendees honored with a moment of silence the memory of the special service officers who died performing important tasks in the temporarily occupied territories, in Bakhmut and other cities where a fierce confrontation with the Russian aggressor continues. For his part, Vasyl Malyuk thanked the President for trust and promised that all officials of the Service will not let him down, as they understand the level of responsibility and challenges. "The Security Service is now working systematically: from conducting unique special operations to documenting war crimes of the Russian Federation," noted the Head of the Security Service. Vasyl Malyuk emphasized that any imitation of active work is unacceptable now. "Today it is real operational combat work, counter-sabotage and anti-terrorist operations. And those who did not have time to get into it - sorry, we will say goodbye to them," he said. According to the Head of the Security Service, special emphasis is now placed on counterintelligence. At the same time, the Security Service is actively fighting the internal enemy. "There must be full control of the operational situation and timely detection of any systemic threats to state governance. And not only detection, but also rapid operational response, documentation and detention of the villains," Vasyl Malyuk is convinced. The Head of the Security Service emphasized that the Ukrainian people are waiting for the victory in the war against the Russian occupier and assured that the Security Service will do everything possible and impossible to speed up this victory. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine