1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309020255/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak arrived in Paris to take part in a meeting of advisers to the leaders of the Normandy format 26 January 2022 - 15:12 The Ukrainian delegation led by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy Yulia Svyrydenko arrived in France. Head of the President's Office met with leaders of Jewish organizations in foreign countries 25 January 2022 - 21:34 On the eve of the International Holocaust Remembrance Day, January 27, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the leaders of Jewish organizations in foreign countries. The possibility of granting the right to purchase medicines under the "eSupport" program for people with disabilities of the first group is being considered - a conference call 24 January 2022 - 15:24 For the third week in a row, the number of new COVID-19 cases is growing in Ukraine, but thanks to vaccination the course of the disease is easier, and now almost half as many people are hospitalized compared to the peak incidence in autumn 2021. This was discussed at a conference call on countering the spread of COVID-19. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Head of the NATO Mission in Ukraine 20 January 2022 - 17:42 During the meeting, the parties discussed the expectations of the Ukrainian side from the participation of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the NATO Summit in Madrid in June 2022, as well as the results of this event. Ihor Zhovkva and Advisor to the Prime Minister of the Netherlands discussed cooperation in security and European integration 19 January 2022 - 11:11 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Foreign Affairs and Defense Advisor to the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of the Netherlands Geoffrey van Leeuwen. Hosting Eurobasket 2025 in Ukraine is one of the priorities of Volodymyr Zelenskyy - Deputy Head of the Office of the President 18 January 2022 - 16:46 Ukraine will do its best to be ready to host the matches of the European Men's Basketball Championship among national teams in 2025 (Eurobasket-2025) at the highest level in the event of such a right. This was emphasized by Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko during a meeting with representatives of the International Federation of Basketball Associations of Europe (FIBA Europe). Ukraine has never had such support from the international community as at this crucial time - Andriy Yermak 14 January 2022 - 19:45 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak is convinced that our state, together with foreign partners, will do everything possible to prevent a possible escalation on the part of the Russian Federation and to establish peace in eastern Ukraine. Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with the Adviser to the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic 14 January 2022 - 15:14 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Adviser to the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic on Foreign Policy and Security Tomáš Pojar. "Nothing about Ukraine without Ukraine" principle must be and will be maintained – Andriy Yermak at meeting with European journalists 11 January 2022 - 21:56 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with journalists representing a number of leading European media: Süddeutsche Zeitung (Germany), Le Figaro, L'Opinion and Radio France (France), TVN (Poland). Ihor Zhovkva discusses Euro-Atlantic integration, security situation in Ukraine with adviser to prime minister of Estonia 28 December 2021 - 18:58 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held an online consultation with Foreign Policy Adviser to the Prime Minister of the Republic of Estonia Liis Lipre-Järma. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 14 15 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine