5 captures 17 May 2022 - 19 Jun 2025 Apr MAY Jun 17 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220517234238/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-dosi-ne-znayemo-skilki-ukrayinskih-ditej-zaginulo-na-okup-75093 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Missile shelling of a number of regions and subversive activity at the border are an attempt of the Russian army to compensate for a series of failures in the east and south of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 May 2022 - 00:37 View all videos n latest news Missile shelling of a number of regions and subversive activity at the border are an attempt of the Russian army to compensate for a series of failures in the east and south of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 May 2022 - 00:24 Today there is a war for freedom again, and again it is necessary for cinematography not to be dumb - address by the President of Ukraine to the filmmaking community at the opening of the 75th Cannes International Film Festival 17 May 2022 - 23:48 Ukraine enjoys the strong support of the Czech Republic as regards the prospect of EU membership - Ihor Zhovkva 17 May 2022 - 20:27 Olena Zelenska had a phone conversation with the First Lady of Israel 17 May 2022 - 20:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with a delegation of the US Senate 14 May 2022 - 15:16 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We still do not know how many Ukrainian children died in the occupied territories - President 16 May 2022 - 22:29 Ukraine still does not know how many children were killed by the Russian enemy in the temporarily occupied territories and how many young Ukrainians were forcibly deported. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online meeting with the US university community. The Head of State noted that today almost 300 children are known to have died in the formerly occupied territories of Ukraine as a result of Russian shelling, bombing and torture. "But (still - ed.) there are temporarily occupied territories. And we do not know how many people died there, how many victims and how many children died or are in critical condition. We will be able to understand this only after the deoccupation of certain territories," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. In addition, according to the President of Ukraine, about 500,000 people were forcibly deported from the temporarily occupied territories to Russia. "Children and adults were separated. According to our data, children were sent to different families or to orphanages, boarding schools - where there are orphans, children without parents. That is why it is a tragedy for us. We do not know this number of children, we do not know the number of people, we do not know in what condition they are. It was a deportation by force. Documents were confiscated from them, from adults in the first place, passports were confiscated and exchanged for Russian ones,” the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed the need to investigate every case of forced deportation of Ukrainians. In addition, the President thanked all states that provide education to Ukrainian children from families of IDPs. "It is very important not to lose the educational program, even if it is in another state. Education should continue in spite of everything," the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also expressed hope that after the end of the war, many Ukrainian young people who left Ukraine due to hostilities will return home. "Without science, without education, without students, there will be stagnation in the state. Even all the optimism after the victory will go nowhere, because without the strength of young people, without this energy, it is impossible to build anything," said the President. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine