9 captures 23 Apr 2021 - 06 Apr 2025 Feb MAR Apr 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220326195703/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/muzej-golodomoru-ye-nadvazhlivim-dlya-ukrayini-j-obovyazkovo-65321 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos By restraining Russian actions, our defenders are leading the Russian leadership to the idea: talk is necessary - address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 March 2022 - 22:23 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video conference with Andrzej Duda 26 March 2022 - 19:57 Ukraine insists on a system of security guarantees - Mykhailo Podolyak 26 March 2022 - 17:01 President awarded the National Guard soldiers who distinguished themselves in battles with the Russian aggressor 26 March 2022 - 16:02 Today, ten humanitarian corridors have been agreed in the Kyiv, Luhansk and Donetsk regions - Iryna Vereshchuk 26 March 2022 - 12:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Holodomor Museum is of paramount importance for Ukraine and will definitely be completed - President at the Holodomor Victims Remembrance Ceremony 28 November 2020 - 10:22 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska paid tribute to the victims of the Holodomor in Ukraine. In the morning, they arrived at the memorial to the victims of the Holodomor on Mykhailivska Square in Kyiv. The Head of State and his wife put a composition of wheat ears and viburnum near the memorial and paid tribute to the Holodomor victims. After that, the President and the First Lady arrived at the National Museum of the Holodomor Genocide of 1932-33, where they were met by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal, Minister of Culture and Information Policy Oleksandr Tkachenko, Head of the Ukrainian Institute of National Remembrance Anton Drobovych. "The project of the National Museum of the Holodomor Genocide is very important for Ukraine: for our history and future. There were some problems with the financing of this project. However, such projects must be implemented. I gave instructions to the Cabinet of Ministers, and this issue will be resolved on Monday. The project will definitely be completed," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. On November 30, the Cabinet of Ministers will prepare an order that will open opportunities for additional funding of the project of the National Museum of the Holodomor Genocide. ph Participation in events to commemorate the victims of the Holodomor 28 November 2020 - 12:13 ph Participation in events to commemorate the victims of the Holodomor 28 November 2020 - 12:13 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine