20 captures 06 Dec 2022 - 12 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 06 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221206230509/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-harkivshini-volodimir-zelenskij-vidvidav-poranenih-zahisn-79669 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Now our people will celebrate the Day of the Ukrainian Armed Forces with words of gratitude, feelings of gratitude, tears of gratitude - address by the President of Ukraine 6 December 2022 - 22:59 View all videos n latest news On the occasion of the Day of the Armed Forces, the Head of State awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine, presented battle flags, honorary titles and ribbons of the Presidential honorary award 6 December 2022 - 23:48 After returning from the east, the President of Ukraine visited the wounded defenders in one of the Kyiv medical facilities 6 December 2022 - 23:27 Now our people will celebrate the Day of the Ukrainian Armed Forces with words of gratitude, feelings of gratitude, tears of gratitude - address by the President of Ukraine 6 December 2022 - 22:56 President awarded servicemen who distinguished themselves during the battles in the Kharkiv region 6 December 2022 - 17:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 00:15 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited wounded defenders of Ukraine in the Kharkiv region and presented state awards to combat medics 6 December 2022 - 17:16 During a working trip to the Kharkiv region on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a medical facility where wounded servicemen are treated. At the hospital, he met with combat medics, congratulated them on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and presented state awards. "Congratulations on this important holiday for all of us! Thank you very much for saving our warriors, helping our heroes survive. And on this day, I would like to wish health to the people who support the health of our military. Take care of yourself, because you take care of Ukraine," said the Head of State. The President was told about the condition of the wounded and the course of their treatment. In particular, high rates of resuscitation of military personnel who were in a state of clinical death were noted. After that, Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the wounded defenders of Ukraine, talked with them and presented state awards. "It is a great honor to be with you today. Thank you for the heroism with which you defend our state, its independence and territorial integrity, the freedom and life of our people. I wish you a speedy recovery," said the President. ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Donetsk and Kharkiv regions 6 December 2022 - 12:55 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Donetsk and Kharkiv regions 6 December 2022 - 12:55 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine