4 captures 15 Mar 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Feb MAR Apr 15 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230315143720/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-rozmovu-z-amerikanskim-generalom-vesli-81465 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The strength of our defense and security forces is in the strength of our people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 March 2023 - 23:42 View all videos n latest news The strength of our defense and security forces is in the strength of our people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 March 2023 - 23:37 Olena Zelenska held a video call with the First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda 14 March 2023 - 22:15 Joint Declaration of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of Iceland Katrín Jakobsdóttir 14 March 2023 - 20:18 Andriy Yermak discussed with the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme the issue of Russian responsibility for environmental crimes in Ukraine 14 March 2023 - 19:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a conversation with American General Wesley Clark 6 March 2023 - 21:49 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a video call with General Wesley Clark, former Supreme Allied Commander Europe (1997-2000). Andriy Yermak thanked the general for supporting Ukraine and his powerful public messages during the full-scale war unleashed by Russia against our country, in particular, on speeding up the provision of necessary assistance. The Head of the President's Office noted that Ukraine constantly feels strong support from U.S. President Joseph Biden and his administration, both parties and houses of Congress, as well as the entire American people. Andriy Yermak noted that the Ukrainian army needs weapons that will help it continue to liberate the territories occupied by Russia and protect infrastructure and civilians. The Head of the Presidential Office emphasized that Ukraine is not ready for any compromises on its sovereignty and territorial integrity. At the same time, he reminded that last November, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented a Peace Formula that reflects the Ukrainian state's vision of how this war should end. Andriy Yermak also told Wesley Clark about the recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine, called the Kyiv Security Compact, which were developed by an international group chaired by the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen. The Head of the President's Office noted that Ukraine counts on the voice of people with such vast military and political experience. For his part, Wesley Clark expressed confidence that the United States would support Ukraine in this war for as long as it takes. Andriy Yermak also invited Wesley Clark to visit Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine