1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031841/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=35 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Brazil and President Lula da Silva could help implement one of the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula 31 July 2023 - 17:46 Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that Brazil must be a party to the implementation of the Peace Formula proposed by Ukraine, in particular the implementation of the paragraph on global food security. First Lady of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Qatar discussed the construction of shelters in schools and the reconstruction of the Izyum hospital 31 July 2023 - 09:12 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al Thani, Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of the State of Qatar. This is the first visit of a Qatari official since the beginning of the Russian full-scale invasion and the first visit of the Prime Minister of Qatar to Ukraine. Andriy Yermak: Next week, Ukraine will start negotiations with the United States on a bilateral agreement on security guarantees 30 July 2023 - 18:39 Andriy Yermak emphasized that Ukraine's membership in NATO is the most reliable guarantee of security, but while the war is ongoing in our country and we cannot join the Alliance, the Ukrainian state must secure reliable guarantees for the transition period. The next meeting of advisors to state leaders on the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula will be held in Saudi Arabia shortly - Andriy Yermak 30 July 2023 - 17:59 According to him, each point of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula is currently being discussed individually and in groups with representatives of more than 50 countries on an almost weekly basis. President held a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities in Ivano-Frankivsk 30 July 2023 - 17:04 According to the Head of State, the agenda of the meeting included three topics: energy sector and protection of Ukraine's energy infrastructure from Russian attacks; international politics, implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and preparation for the Global Peace Summit, security guarantees for our country and the start of negotiations on accession to the European Union; budget expenditures at the state and local levels. Gradually, the war is returning to the territory of Russia, and this is an inevitable, natural and fair process - address by the President of Ukraine 30 July 2023 - 16:57 It is very important that local authorities across the country are as active as possible right now - in the summer and in September - in everything that needs to be done before the cold months of the year. President visited a rehabilitation center in Ivano-Frankivsk and awarded Ukrainian defenders 30 July 2023 - 15:13 During a working trip to Ivano-Frankivsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a medical facility where wounded Ukrainian servicemen are undergoing treatment. For Russia's leadership grain is a strategic weapon at the current stage of aggression against Ukraine – President's advisor Oleg Ustenko and Professor Simon Johnson 29 July 2023 - 21:56 In pulling out of the Black Sea Grain Initiative, which made it possible to export Ukrainian agricultural products to the most vulnerable countries in the world, and attacking the port of Odesa, the Russian Federation is setting the stage for a global food crisis. This is stated in a joint article by Oleg Ustenko, an economic advisor to the President of Ukraine, and Simon Johnson, Professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management, former chief economist of the IMF, for the American newspaper Los Angeles Times. Special Operations Forces mean heroism, about which impossible to tell details, they inflict particularly tangible blows on Russian terrorists – address of President of Ukraine 29 July 2023 - 15:58 During the war, 17 warriors of the Special Operations Forces were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine. Thirteen of them, unfortunately, posthumously. In total, 2,520 SOF warriors were awarded state awards. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visits informational and psychological operations units and Resistance Movement of SOF in Donetsk region 29 July 2023 - 15:50 Commanders of tactical groups of the informational and psychological operations units spoke about their activities using advanced information technologies, successful informational and psychological campaigns and actions. 1 2 ... 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine