14 captures 14 May 2024 - 13 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240514171405/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chlenstvo-v-nato-garantiya-miru-j-bezpeki-ukrayini-ta-svitu-90901 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Task is Crystal Clear – to Thwart Russia's Attempt to Expand the War – Address by the President 13 May 2024 - 19:57 View all videos n latest news Ukraine and Luxembourg Have Launched Negotiations on a Security Agreement 14 May 2024 - 17:58 Global Peace Summit: France and South Korea Have Confirmed Their Participation 14 May 2024 - 16:53 President of Ukraine Met with U.S. Secretary of State 14 May 2024 - 15:09 NATO Membership Is a Guarantee of Peace and Security for Ukraine and the World: Rasmussen-Yermak International Task Force Published an Official Report 14 May 2024 - 15:00 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the Republic of Serbia 13 May 2024 - 13:12 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office NATO Membership Is a Guarantee of Peace and Security for Ukraine and the World: Rasmussen-Yermak International Task Force Published an Official Report 14 May 2024 - 15:00 The International Task Force on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine, co-chaired by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen, has published a report with a rationale for the necessity of Ukraine's future membership in NATO and concrete proposals for it. First of all, the document states that at the NATO Summit, which will take place in July in Washington, the Alliance should extend an invitation to Ukraine to begin membership talks and invite the Ukraine-NATO Council to specify the terms of membership. "A credible prospect of NATO membership is a way to convince Russia that it has nothing to gain from waging war. Inviting Ukraine to start accession talks now is a way to send a clear message to Russia that it needs to end the war and give Ukraine a chance for a just peace," the report emphasizes. The Rasmussen-Yermak International Task Force proposes to set a clear timeframe for Ukraine's accession to NATO – no later than July 2028, subject to the fulfillment of specific conditions. It is also proposed to strengthen the efforts of Ukraine and its allies aimed at hindering Russia's operational success in the air, at sea and on the ground, lifting all reservations on the types of conventional weapons supplied to Ukraine and, importantly, on how they can be used against military targets in Russia. The International Task Force emphasizes the need to unify the set of bilateral security agreements between Ukraine and its partners into an international compact. In particular, its goal is to build up Ukraine's Armed Forces so that they can reach a size and structure strong enough to defend against a future Russian attack and strengthen NATO's collective defense by the end of the decade. It is proposed that NATO members commit to spending 0.25% of their GDP on military aid to Ukraine, as well as unlocking $300 billion in frozen Russian assets and using them to support Ukraine. Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak emphasized that failure to extend an invitation to Ukraine at the Washington Summit could further intensify Russian aggression. "Strong and clear decisions at the NATO Summit in July will be extremely important for the future just peace in Ukraine and the entire Euro-Atlantic region. They will also be a good motivation and strong support for the Ukrainian military and all our citizens," he emphasized. Anders Fogh Rasmussen is convinced that Ukraine's victory and the establishment of a sustainable peace require bold action on the part of NATO. "NATO leaders need to make clear that our support for Ukraine’s security and sovereignty is irreversible. This report sets out clear measures to achieve that through enhanced economic and military support to contain and end Putin’s war. It also recommends NATO leaders open accession talks with Ukraine at the Washington D.C. summit in July. Bringing Ukraine into NATO is the surest path to lasting peace and security in Europe," he emphasized. The report is attached . The document was signed by members of the task force: Former President of Lithuania Dalia Grybauskaitė Former President of Poland Aleksander Kwaśniewski Former Prime Minister of Finland Sanna Marin Former Prime Minister of Poland Marek Belka Former Prime Minister of Slovakia Mikuláš Dzurinda Former Prime Minister of Sweden Carl Bildt Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Former Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister of National Defense Peter MacKay Former French Minister of Foreign Affairs, Interior and Defense Michèle Alliot-Marie Former British Foreign Secretary Lord William Hague Former U.S. Ambassador to NATO Ivo Daalder U.S. Special Representative for Ukraine Negotiations Kurt Volker Former National Security Advisor of Canada Jody Thomas Former Supreme Allied Commander Europe of NATO Wesley Clark Former NATO Assistant Secretary General Heinrich Brauss Former NATO Assistant Secretary General Giedrimas Jeglinskas Ukraine’s Euro-Atlantic Future: Paving the path to peace & security. Presented by the International Taskforce on Ukraine’s Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration - pdf - 468.65 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine