1 capture 16 Jul 2024 Jun JUL Aug 16 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240716062147/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-05-2023&date-to=25-05-2024&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Working to Increase the Strength and Number of Ukrainian “Patriots” – Address by the President 14 July 2024 - 09:46 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine for Every Child: State Platform on Adoption and Family Care Has Been Launched 15 May 2024 - 15:10 The Ministry of Social Policy together with the Coordination Center for the Development of Family Upbringing and Child Care have launched the state online platform "Ukraine for Every Child". This was announced by Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Yulia Sokolovska in a video message on the occasion of the International Day of Families. Our Warriors Destroy the Occupier Who Is Trying to Advance: Everything is Quite Tense — Address by the President 14 May 2024 - 19:39 We have reinforced the directions, including the Kharkiv ones. Many warriors — especially Kharkiv residents — have risen to defend the Kharkiv region. They are doing their job, and I thank them all for their efficiency. Ukraine Should Receive an Invitation to Join NATO in the Near Future – the Report of the Yermak-Rasmussen Task Force 14 May 2024 - 18:41 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen took part in the Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine discussion panel at the Copenhagen Democracy Summit, where they presented the Official Report of the International Task Force on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine. Ukraine and Luxembourg Have Launched Negotiations on a Security Agreement 14 May 2024 - 17:58 resident Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Luxembourg Luc Frieden agreed to start working on the document during a telephone conversation a day earlier. Global Peace Summit: France and South Korea Have Confirmed Their Participation 14 May 2024 - 16:53 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held telephone conversations with the President of France Emmanuel Macron and the President of the Republic of Korea Yoon Suk Yeol and invited them to the Global Peace Summit. Both countries have confirmed their participation. President of Ukraine Met with U.S. Secretary of State 14 May 2024 - 15:09 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Kyiv. The meeting was also attended by U.S. Special Representative for Ukraine's Economic Recovery Penny Pritzker, who is a member of the American delegation. NATO Membership Is a Guarantee of Peace and Security for Ukraine and the World: Rasmussen-Yermak International Task Force Published an Official Report 14 May 2024 - 15:00 The International Task Force on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine, co-chaired by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen, has published a report with a rationale for the necessity of Ukraine's future membership in NATO and concrete proposals for it. The Presidential Office Hosted a Meeting with Members of the UK Parliament from the Opposition Labour Party 14 May 2024 - 10:41 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with members of the UK Parliament from the opposition Labour Party: Shadow Secretary of State for Defence John Healey and Shadow Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs David Lammy. Andriy Yermak Urged Heads and Other Representatives of Foreign Universities to Spread Information about the Global Peace Summit 14 May 2024 - 09:33 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held an online meeting with heads and other representatives of about 40 foreign universities that cooperate with Ukrainian higher education institutions. Andriy Yermak Urged UNITED24 Ambassadors to Support the Global Peace Summit 14 May 2024 - 09:14 He thanked the ambassadors for supporting Ukraine from the first days of the full-scale Russian invasion and spoke about the preparations for the Global Peace Summit. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 189 190 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine