5 captures 21 Sep 2023 - 09 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230921150510/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-yevropi-vazhlive-pravilne-zakinchennya-vijni-v-ukrayini-77313 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The use of veto power requires reform, and this can be a key reform in the UN – address by the President of Ukraine at the UN Security Council meeting 20 September 2023 - 19:33 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy received the Atlantic Council Global Citizen Award on behalf of the Ukrainian people 21 September 2023 - 15:43 Olena Zelenska at the opening of the UNESCO exhibition: Our cultural heritage is our soul, which no war can kill 21 September 2023 - 02:23 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Olaf Scholz 21 September 2023 - 00:06 Head of State had a meeting with the President of the European Commission, the President of Romania and the Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Bulgaria 20 September 2023 - 23:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States of America 19 September 2023 - 02:19 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office A proper end to the war in Ukraine is important for Europe, because a temporary truce will mean a new escalation on the part of the Russian Federation in the future - Mykhailo Podolyak 25 August 2022 - 11:24 The negotiation process with Russia to end the war is now disadvantageous for both Ukraine and Europe, as any temporary truce would mean continued aggression by the Russian Federation in the future. Mykhailo Podolyak, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, stated this in an interview with Bild. "Today's negotiation process will seal a temporary truce in a war that will not end. Accordingly, the Russian Federation will consider this a victory and will continue to claim to advance its expansionist policy. Therefore, the truce now will only mean the next stage of the war after a certain time," he noted. Mykhailo Podolyak also noted that in the event of such an incomplete end to the war, many of our citizens will not risk returning to Ukraine, and investments will not come. "This will be a growing gray area that will constantly put pressure on Europe. Europe will be forced to constantly invest large amounts of money here in order to somehow maintain this territory in a viable state. This is not beneficial for Europe in the medium and long term," says the Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine. According to him, the negotiation process is not in the interests of Germany and other EU countries today, as it will provoke Russia to more daring behavior in the economic, political and diplomatic terms. Mykhailo Podolyak noted that the quality of life is significantly reduced in Ukraine due to the war, and a certain deterioration will also be observed in Europe. "But this is the price for such an intense war, unprecedented since World War II. And this war needs to be ended properly if you don't want to pay all the time," he emphasized. It will be possible to start talks about negotiations with the aggressor state only when the last hope of the Russian Federation to defeat Ukraine by military means collapses, the Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President is convinced. "Only after Russia realizes that it can no longer wage war," he concluded. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine