1 capture 24 Aug 2022 Jul AUG Sep 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220824140128/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/mizhnarodna-spilnota-maye-tisnuti-na-rosiyu-shob-okupanti-po-77261 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Independence Day of Ukraine 24 August 2022 - 09:11 View all videos n latest news President and the First Lady took part in "Prayer for Ukraine" 24 August 2022 - 11:07 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska laid flowers at the Wall of Remembrance of the Fallen Defenders of Ukraine 24 August 2022 - 10:56 On Independence Day, the President and the First Lady commemorated the Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred 24 August 2022 - 10:25 Speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Independence Day of Ukraine 24 August 2022 - 09:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President and the First Lady in the events on Independence Day of Ukraine 24 August 2022 - 11:15 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The international community should put pressure on Russia so that the occupiers leave the territory of the ZNPP - President of Ukraine 23 August 2022 - 23:06 Ukraine is ready to provide a corridor for the arrival of the UN and IAEA mission to the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant, which is under the occupation of Russian troops. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a press conference following the Second Summit of the Crimea Platform in Kyiv. "Our specialists are at the plant. Thank God, we managed to leave them there. Thanks to this, the nuclear power plant is working, there were no emissions there as of today. The danger is one hundred percent, because we do not control what is happening there," the President said. In particular, according to him, there is information that the occupiers were bringing something into the territory of the Zaporizhzhia NPP. The safety of this cannot be established. "That is, anything can happen: mining, explosions or dangerous disconnection from our networks and switching the flow to another direction. This can lead to a tragedy for the whole world," emphasized Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The President noted that the issue of ZNPP security is raised at all levels. In particular, the Head of State discussed it with the Presidents of France, Turkey, other leaders, as well as with representatives of the UN and the IAEA. It was agreed that the occupiers should leave the territory of the plant, because this is no longer a matter of war, but of security for the whole world. "We need to put pressure on Russia, give them an ultimatum from the international community that they should leave (the territory of ZNPP - ed.), withdraw equipment, bombs, weapons and people who definitely do not understand what is happening there and have no relation to atomic energy," the Head of State emphasized. According to him, Ukraine proposed that experts from the IAEA and the UN come to our country and, in compliance with Ukrainian legislation, arrive at the occupied part of the Ukrainian territory - the ZNPP. "We are glad that all the civilized people have heard us, and now we are waiting for their arrival. We are ready to provide a safe corridor for them to go to the temporarily occupied territory," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President also noted that Ukraine is aware of the attempts of the occupiers to disconnect the ZNPP, but they were not implemented. "Let's believe that they heard that this is dangerous for the whole world," added the Head of State. ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the Second Crimea Platform Summit 23 August 2022 - 16:46 ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the Second Crimea Platform Summit 23 August 2022 - 16:46 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine