5 captures 12 Nov 2024 - 14 Dec 2025 Oct NOV Dec 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241112155741/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=02-10-2023&date-to=02-10-2024&page=181 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Further Our Missiles and Drones Can Hit, the Less Real Combat Capability Russia Will Have – Address by the President 11 November 2024 - 19:48 View all videos pg Photo gallery President Presented Apartment Certificates to Heroes of Ukraine and Families of Fallen Heroes 8 November 2024 - 16:20 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ihor Zhovkva starts negotiations with Japan on bilateral agreement on security guarantees 7 October 2023 - 16:05 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine and the Head of the Presidential Office, the first round of negotiations with Japan on a bilateral agreement on security guarantees, as envisaged by the Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine, has begun today. Statement by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the terrorist attack on Israel 7 October 2023 - 14:43 We believe that order will be restored and terrorists will be eliminated. Terror must not be given a single chance anywhere in the world, because terror is always a crime not just against one country or its specific victims, but against humanity as a whole and our entire world. Andriy Yermak meets with Vice President of the U.S. Institute of Peace William Taylor 6 October 2023 - 21:59 Andriy Yermak informed the delegation from the U.S. Institute of Peace about the work being done to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula, the meetings with representatives of the diplomatic corps dedicated to each of the ten points of the Formula. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to Prime Minister of India 6 October 2023 - 21:01 The head of the Office of the President also reported on the preparation for the upcoming third meeting of national security advisors, which will focus on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and the organization of the Global Peace Summit. To win this winter, overcome all difficulties, and provide protection to our people is crucial – address of the President of Ukraine 6 October 2023 - 19:57 We are taking further steps to strengthen our air defense and cooperate with partners to ensure the resilience of Ukrainian energy. This week has already seen significant reinforcement. Today, our main message to the world is: evil cannot prevail - address by the President of Ukraine 5 October 2023 - 21:59 Russian terror must be defeated. And the world has the means to ensure this. The audience of the President of Ukraine with the King of Spain takes place 5 October 2023 - 21:55 The President expressed his gratitude to King Felipe, the Spanish royal family, and the entire Spanish nation for their unwavering support of Ukraine. We have strong solutions for strengthening Ukrainian Armed Forces – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after European Political Community Summit 5 October 2023 - 20:23 The main outcome of the meetings within the Third European Political Community Summit in Granada, Spain, is the important arrangements regarding the enhancement of Ukraine's air defense capabilities. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced this at a meeting with media representatives following the summit. President meets with UK Prime Minister 5 October 2023 - 20:05 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Rishi Sunak emphasized the continuation of security cooperation and further expansion of Ukraine's defense capabilities. President meets with Federal Chancellor of Germany 5 October 2023 - 18:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed Olaf Scholz about the situation on the battlefield and the most urgent needs to strengthen our country's defense capabilities. 1 2 ... 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine