22 captures 13 Aug 2024 - 07 Dec 2025 Jul AUG Sep 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240813202433/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-znovu-doveli-sho-v-bud-yakij-situaciyi-ukrayinci-zdatni-d-92601 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Have Proven Once Again That Ukrainians Are Capable of Achieving Their Goals in Any Situation – Address by the President 13 August 2024 - 20:07 View all videos n latest news Ukraine Started Negotiations with the UK on Concluding an Agreement on Transition to Stronger and Deeper Partnership 13 August 2024 - 21:04 Defense Industry Development and Ukraine's Priority Needs: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Minister of National Defense of Lithuania 13 August 2024 - 20:30 We Have Proven Once Again That Ukrainians Are Capable of Achieving Their Goals in Any Situation – Address by the President 13 August 2024 - 20:05 The First Thematic Conference to Follow Up the Peace Summit Will Be Held Online in August – Andriy Yermak 13 August 2024 - 18:40 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Rivne Region 30 July 2024 - 17:14 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We Have Proven Once Again That Ukrainians Are Capable of Achieving Their Goals in Any Situation – Address by the President 13 August 2024 - 20:05 I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! Today, there have already been several reports from Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi about the situation on the front and in the areas of our operation in the Kursk region. We are expanding the area of active operations. The Commander-in-Chief reported that our forces control 74 settlements in the Kursk region. I thank every soldier, every commander who ensures this. Once again, I thank all our guys who are replenishing the exchange fund – this is very important for our state. Hundreds of Russian servicemen have already surrendered, and all of them will receive humane treatment – they did not experience such treatment even in their own Russian army. I had a separate conversation with Minister of Defense Umerov, representatives of the Verkhovna Rada and the Office to ensure that all payments, bonuses, and other things planned for the front will be guaranteed and quickly provided to our warriors – to all defenders who perform combat missions on the territory of the aggressor state. And without any bureaucracy for our warriors. This is a general and obligatory policy of our state – our defenders must be protected from any bureaucratic pressure. Today, at a special meeting, we also discussed new decisions and legislative initiatives that we are preparing for August, and which will definitely strengthen our state, our defense, and our society. And today we also held a meeting of the working group on the energy security point of our Peace Formula. The meeting was attended by representatives of 40 partner countries and international organizations. We are preparing the work – it will be online work, starting in August, at the level of advisors; it will work out a concrete way to ensure energy security. I am grateful to everyone who is helping. And now all of us in Ukraine should act as unitedly and efficiently as we did in the first weeks and months of this war, when Ukraine took the initiative and began to turn the situation to the benefit of our state. Now we have done the exact same thing – we have proven once again that we, Ukrainians, are capable of achieving our goals in any situation – capable of defending our interests and our independence. And we must make full use of our achievements. And we will. We are paying attention to every direction of our state's defense. To all frontline directions. Donetsk region – Pokrovsk, Toretsk, Kramatorsk directions. Kharkiv region. The South. Special attention is paid to the Kursk region, and thus to the protection of all our border communities nearby. The more the Russian military presence in the border area is destroyed, the closer peace and real security will be for our country. The Russian state must be held accountable for what it has done. And it is. I am proud of our people! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine