6 captures 09 Dec 2019 - 27 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230206233833/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-oznajomilasya-z-organizaciyeyu-shkilnogo-harc-58001 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Good motivation plus good training equals the ability of our defense forces to regain what belongs to Ukraine - President's address 6 February 2023 - 21:37 View all videos n latest news Good motivation plus good training equals the ability of our defense forces to regain what belongs to Ukraine - President's address 6 February 2023 - 21:36 Ihor Zhovkva: Ukraine's accession to the EU is an integral part of our victory 6 February 2023 - 20:21 A meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief was held under the chairmanship of Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 February 2023 - 16:31 The NSDC decision on sanctions against Russia's nuclear industry has been put into effect, and this is not the last decision on this industry - address by the President of Ukraine 5 February 2023 - 21:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the EU-Ukraine Summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 17:26 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska got acquainted with the organization of school meals in Japan 24 October 2019 - 11:08 During the working visit of the President of Ukraine to Japan, the wife of the Head of State Olena Zelenska visited Kogai Elementary School where children from the first to the sixth grade study. She was met by the principal, staff and first-graders. Olena Zelenska discussed with the school nutritionist the features of child nutrition in Japan. In particular, she was told that children are fed lunches at local schools, which, according to state standards, make up one-third of a child's daily diet. Each school must have a nutritionist responsible for a balanced diet. "Having a nutritionist at school is very important and I would like to see it implemented in Ukraine as well," the President's wife said. A kitchen was demonstrated to the President’s wife as well: it is impossible to go there, because the kitchen has strict sanitary standards. Workers get inside in changed clothes and masks. Olena Zelenska was particularly interested in how children with allergies eat. Nutritionists consult parents of schoolchildren on individual food intolerance. At the beginning of each month, school staff sends parents a menu so that they can monitor their child's nutrition. The pupils have lunch in the classroom, and they are actively involved in the preparation and cleaning process: there are pupils on duty who distribute food and tidy up a school. It is the duty of every pupil as it cultivates discipline. Olena Zelenska also attended physical education classes and learned that children are also involved in the process: they measure the performance of their classmates and record the results. It helps to feel responsibility and learn to care for others. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine