12 captures 28 Jul 2023 - 14 Dec 2025 Jun JUL Aug 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230728013739/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mav-chest-privitati-likariv-i-medichnih-sestrichok-frontovih-84561 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, I had the honor to congratulate doctors and nurses, frontline medics on their professional holiday; I am grateful to everyone on whom the life of Ukraine depends - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 July 2023 - 22:56 View all videos n latest news Today, I had the honor to congratulate doctors and nurses, frontline medics on their professional holiday; I am grateful to everyone on whom the life of Ukraine depends - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 July 2023 - 22:54 In Odesa, President viewed the damage to Spaso-Preobrazhensky Cathedral caused by Russian terrorist shelling 27 July 2023 - 22:04 In Odesa, the Head of State visited rehabilitation departments where defenders of Ukraine are undergoing rehabilitation treatment 27 July 2023 - 21:27 Ihor Zhovkva met with Deputy Secretary-General of the European External Action Service 27 July 2023 - 20:00 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Dnipropetrovsk, Mykolaiv and Odesa regions 27 July 2023 - 11:06 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Today, I had the honor to congratulate doctors and nurses, frontline medics on their professional holiday; I am grateful to everyone on whom the life of Ukraine depends - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 July 2023 - 22:54 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! We are finishing this day working in Odesa. Dnipro region, Mykolaiv and Ochakiv... Now it's our Odesa region. Our combat medics, all our medical workers who save the lives of our soldiers and civilians, our adults and our children. Today I had the honor to congratulate Ukrainian doctors and nurses, frontline medics on their professional holiday. I awarded the best ones. But I am grateful to everyone who stays in our cities and villages, in the frontline areas, who work on the frontline, on whom the life of Ukraine really depends. I am grateful to you! In the morning, I held a meeting of the Staff. As always, we discussed key issues of our defense, protection of our skies and our cities. There were reports on the situation at the front and we are checking the "military commissars". I think you can see the state's reaction to the abuses of the "military commissars". Mykolaiv has a lot of issues that need to be resolved for people, including in the regional hospital. The Minister of Health and the head of the regional administration heard everything. Ochakiv - I thank our doctors working there. They are real heroes! In Odesa, I also had the honor to award medical workers and thanked them for their work. An important conversation also took place in the presence of the Minister of Health with Commander of the Medical Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Tetiana Ostashchenko. We talked about issues that are of great concern to our combat medics, our warriors. Issues on which lives depend. I expect the commander to work together with the community of combat medics, with volunteers and, on the other hand, with government officials to find the necessary solutions. I listened to the report on the liquidation of the consequences of Russian strikes on Odesa and the region. Here, in Spaso-Preobrazhensky Cathedral, which Russia tried to destroy, I feel that our people, our morale are still stronger. Stronger than the Russian terror. We are looking for air defense systems to protect Odesa and our entire south. And I am grateful to everyone in the world who has already joined us in this endeavor! One more thing. Kyiv. Today there is minus one deputy of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine. That's fair. I think it's also fair to say now: every intention of any official to go abroad, of any deputy, should be checked to the second. If someone really wants to take a break from working for the state, the state will also take a break from such people. I thank everyone who is fighting for Ukraine! Thank you for the liberation of Staromaiorske. Congratulations again, guys! Once again, I would like to congratulate our esteemed medical workers on their holiday. We are very proud of you! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine