11 captures 22 Jul 2021 - 15 Sep 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214194616/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-radnikom-derzhavnogo-departamentu-69665 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 President after the meeting with German Chancellor: Ukraine needs energy security guarantees due to the Nord Stream 2 related risks 14 February 2022 - 18:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with Counselor of the U.S. Department of State Derek Chollet 21 July 2021 - 21:24 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Counselor of the U.S. Department of State Derek Chollet who was on a visit to Ukraine. The parties exchanged views on the topical issues of the agenda, in particular, the preparations for the visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States. During the meeting, significant attention was paid to the security challenges in the region. Andriy Yermak informed his interlocutor about the situation in the east of Ukraine, the level of threats persisting along the Ukrainian borders, as well as the state of the negotiation process in the framework of the Normandy format. There was an exchange of views on the ways to intensify the peace process and how the United States could best support the peace talks. The parties discussed the implications of the Nord Stream 2 project for the energy security of Ukraine and the region as a whole. Derek Chollet emphasized the importance of close cooperation between Ukraine and the United States on energy security. Andriy Yermak stressed the invariability of the Ukrainian party's position on the far-reaching security threats posed by the possible launch of the gas pipeline. "Nord Stream 2 is a geopolitical weapon of Russia, which will definitely be used against Ukraine and Europe," stressed the Head of the President’s Office. Derek Chollet commended Ukraine's progress in reforming the judiciary, noting the recent adoption of fundamental laws on the High Council of Justice and the High Qualification Commission of Judges. The parties reaffirmed mutual willingness to cooperate and coordinate efforts to ensure the successful results of the visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States. They agreed that in the near future the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine and the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine would visit Washington to discuss the content of the visit of the President of Ukraine to the United States. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine