7 captures 04 Oct 2023 - 09 Apr 2025 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022822/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/greciya-vizme-uchast-u-trenuvanni-ukrayinskih-pilotiv-na-f-1-85049 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President of Ukraine following the meeting with Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis: Greece will take part in the training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16s 21 August 2023 - 21:37 During a working visit to the Hellenic Republic, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Greece Kyriakos Mitsotakis. The Head of State noted that it was a great honor for him to pay a visit to Greece to give a new impetus to bilateral relations and make cooperation even more beneficial for both nations. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also expressed gratitude to the head of the Greek government for his attention to Ukraine and the preparation of the Balkan Summit. During the meeting, the President informed the Prime Minister of Greece about the situation on the frontline, recent Russian missile strikes and the capabilities of the defense forces to restore the security and territorial integrity of our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy conveyed information on the defense needs of the Ukrainian army for speeding up the end of the war. "Today we have an important result for the aviation coalition - Greece will take part in training our pilots on F-16s. Thank you for this offer. And I thank you and your team for your willingness to do more to help Ukraine defend our freedom. We are grateful that there will be Greek defense support for Ukraine. Our teams will work out the relevant details," the Head of State said addressing Kyriakos Mitsotakis during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with the Prime Minister of Greece. The parties also discussed the situation in the Black Sea region, in particular the threat that Russia has posed to ports, freedom of navigation and, as a result, to food security around the world. "Ukraine has created an alternative "grain corridor" in the Black Sea, and it can work. But for its operation to be stable, we need to bolster the sky shield for the Black Sea region, in particular for our city of Odesa. And this could be a historic contribution of Greece to European security if you help us with the protection of the Black Sea area. As for air defense systems, I have proposed options on how to do this," the President of Ukraine said. He also noted the importance of the fact that Greek companies are ready to participate in the transportation of Ukrainian grain. During the talks, the parties focused on a program of patronage over Ukrainian regions and cities that need to recover from Russian strikes or hostilities, under which Greece could focus on helping to rebuild Odesa. In addition, according to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Ukraine and Greece will continue to work bilaterally on security guarantees for our country in the framework of the G7 Joint Declaration, which the Hellenic Republic has acceded to. The President expressed gratitude to Greece for supporting Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic integration. "I really appreciate your signing of the declaration of support for Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration, Mr. Prime Minister. This is a much-needed signal - a signal that Greece wants peace as much as we do. We all in Ukraine strive for a just peace," Volodymyr Zelenskyy summarized. v Videos ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Hellenic Republic 21 August 2023 - 19:08 ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Hellenic Republic 21 August 2023 - 19:08 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine