6 captures 03 Aug 2023 - 10 Dec 2025 Jul AUG Sep 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230803031113/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-na-konferenciyi-posliv-nini-kozhen-iz-nas-amb-84685 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Zakarpattia will be one of the drivers of development for the whole of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 21:35 View all videos n latest news President met with the Hungarian community in Zakarpattia and presented state awards to the warriors 2 August 2023 - 23:23 Olena Zelenska at the Conference of Ambassadors: Today, each of us is an ambassador of Ukraine and a defender of its interests 2 August 2023 - 21:50 Zakarpattia will be one of the drivers of development for the whole of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 21:33 President held a meeting on socio-economic and security situation in Zakarpattia region 2 August 2023 - 21:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zakarpattia 2 August 2023 - 16:49 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska at the Conference of Ambassadors: Today, each of us is an ambassador of Ukraine and a defender of its interests 2 August 2023 - 21:50 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the 2023 Conference of Ambassadors. Traditionally, the Conference is held in late December, but this year, on the instructions of the President of Ukraine, Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba convened it earlier. Ukrainian ambassadors gathered for a meeting with the country's leadership to discuss the key tasks of Ukraine's foreign policy. The goal is to hold a strategic session with Ukrainian diplomats before the start of the political season in their countries of residence and international organizations, to identify steps to implement the priority tasks of promoting Ukraine's interests and work on their implementation as efficiently as possible. The 2023 Conference of Ambassadors was held under the slogan "Victory Above All!". The event was attended by the Head of State and the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine. During the Conference of Ambassadors, separate thematic sessions were held with the participation of the Head of the President's Office, the First Lady, the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada, the Prime Minister, and the Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine. Speaking to the ambassadors, the President's wife thanked them for their cooperation, in particular in the preparation of the third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen to be held in Ukraine in September. "The new summit is dedicated to mental health. It is not only about Ukraine, but also about the world. In addition to the war, the world today is going through many challenges that determine the future of humanity: recovery from the pandemic, natural disasters (earthquakes in Türkiye and Syria), and rapid climate change. Crises have no borders - I always repeat this to foreign partners. Today, Ukraine has become an example in many ways. First of all, of course, in the defense of humanity and democracy. But we can also become an example of recovery, especially mental recovery. Because only with a resilient society is there any future at all," Olena Zelenska said. The First Lady also emphasized the importance of cooperation between Ukrainian embassies and the Olena Zelenska Foundation. Since its creation, the Foundation has focused on three important areas: humanitarian aid, education, and healthcare. With the help of the Ukrainian missions, the Foundation raises funds from foreign philanthropists. The President's wife emphasized that thanks to cooperation with the embassies of Ukraine in Denmark and Israel, this year the Foundation organized a summer vacation in the Carpathians for more than 1,600 children and their foster parents. In addition, together with the diplomatic missions of Ukraine in Germany, Albania and Canada, humanitarian aid was provided to residents of the de-occupied Kherson region and internally displaced persons. And thanks to the joint work with the Ukrainian diplomatic missions in the United Arab Emirates and Australia, the construction of new houses for large foster families who lost their homes has begun. In addition, with the assistance of Ukrainian diplomats in the United States and the Republic of Korea, 39 thousand laptops were provided to teachers. Funds were also raised to restore operating rooms in the hospital in Izyum destroyed by the Russian occupiers. The Embassies of Ukraine in France and Denmark helped with this. "We have done a lot in a year. We have no less important tasks and projects ahead as well. I urge all of you to act, to use every opportunity to talk about Ukraine and the Foundation in particular. All this will save lives. Many lives. And it will improve the quality of this life, the resilience of Ukrainians. The very mental endurance that is so necessary for the victory and which we will discuss at the Summit," the First Lady emphasized. She also noted the cultural diplomacy projects implemented in cooperation with Ukrainian diplomatic missions in different countries. "We have already launched 67 Ukrainian audio guides in major museums and landmarks in 42 countries, and the Ukrainization of outstanding landmarks continues. Here I would like to recognize the work of the Embassy of Ukraine in the Netherlands. After lengthy negotiations, an agreement was reached with the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam. The Ukrainian language will be very suitable for his famous sunflowers, because it is also a symbolic image for our country," she said. Olena Zelenska emphasized that every Ukrainian is now an ambassador of their country and a defender of its interests. v Videos ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zakarpattia 2 August 2023 - 16:49 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zakarpattia 2 August 2023 - 16:49 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine