4 captures 06 May 2020 - 06 Sep 2025 May JUN Jul 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240610053631/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zasluhav-informaciyu-shodo-planiv-z-protipozh-60865 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing New Agreements for Ukraine with European Partners, in Particular with Germany – Address by the President 9 June 2024 - 20:52 View all videos n latest news We Are Preparing New Agreements for Ukraine with European Partners, in Particular with Germany – Address by the President 9 June 2024 - 20:46 Andriy Yermak Visited Italy and the Vatican City on the Instructions of the President of Ukraine 8 June 2024 - 23:07 Ukraine and the EU Held Another Round of Negotiations on a Security Agreement 8 June 2024 - 20:25 We Have Already Reached Agreements with Partners on Additional Air Defense Systems for Ukraine – Address by the President of Ukraine 8 June 2024 - 20:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Official Visit of the President of Ukraine to France 6 June 2024 - 16:34 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President heard information on fire safety plans in the Chernobyl zone 26 April 2020 - 16:23 During a working trip to the Kyiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a logistic area where forces involved in the elimination of the fire in the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone are located. The Head of State inspected the fire equipment and asked about the working conditions of the rescuers. Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke with the firefighters and thanked them. He stressed the importance of providing staff with adequate nutrition. Firefighters noted that they are satisfied with the food. "We are very grateful and respect you for your work," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also spoke with the Head of the State Agency of Ukraine for the Exclusion Zone Management Serhiy Kalashnyk. The official informed the President of the measures aimed to prevent fires in the area. “The main thing we can do is detect early fires with thermal imagers. We use drones here, as well as constantly organize duty shifts to respond more quickly. Equipment must be available, water must be prepared. We need to carry out proper work in the forest, clear the wood clutter, create fire safety spacing,” Serhiy Kalashnyk said. He also spoke about the development of the tourism potential of the Exclusion Zone and stressed that he plans to create an international attractive image of the given object. The Head of the Agency noted that in order to attract tourists after the quarantine, infrastructure needs to be improved in the Chernobyl zone. The President suggested that the Head of the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone present a plan for the development of this territory. ph President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone 26 April 2020 - 15:14 ph President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone 26 April 2020 - 15:14 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine