1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309050509/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=17 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine and Azerbaijan have set a new ambitious goal - to double bilateral trade by 2024 14 January 2022 - 15:05 The visit of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan to Ukraine qualitatively fills the strategic partnership between the two countries in the political, economic and security spheres. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with his Azerbaijani counterpart in Kyiv. Presidents of Ukraine and Azerbaijan signed a Joint Declaration on Deepening Strategic Partnership 14 January 2022 - 14:29 Following the talks between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev in Kyiv, a Joint Declaration on deepening the strategic partnership and a number of other bilateral documents were signed. Meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and Azerbaijan started 14 January 2022 - 11:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy started a meeting with President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev, who is on a working visit to Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Boris Johnson 13 January 2022 - 22:59 Against the background of the current security challenges, the President spoke about the situation around Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized the steps being taken to achieve peace within the existing negotiation formats. For the first time in ten years, Ukraine has launched its satellite into space - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 January 2022 - 21:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy watched online the launch of the Ukrainian Sich-2-30 satellite from the launch site at Cape Canaveral in Florida (USA). Zelenskyy has telephone conversation with Trudeau 11 January 2022 - 19:15 The President of Ukraine briefed the Prime Minister of Canada on the situation in the east of our country and at its borders, and also informed about the steps being taken to achieve peace within the existing negotiation formats. Zelenskyy receives advisers to leaders of France and Germany who arrived in Kyiv for talks with Head of President's Office Yermak 11 January 2022 - 10:16 Foreign and security policy adviser to the German Chancellor Jens Plötner and diplomatic adviser to the President of France Emmanuel Bonn visited Kyiv in accordance with previous agreements reached during a video conference on January 4 this year, following talks in Moscow as part of the Normandy dialogue. President instructs government to develop program to pay UAH 1,000 to minors vaccinated against COVID-19 10 January 2022 - 14:51 During a conference call, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy set the Cabinet of Ministers the task to prepare a separate program for the payment of UAH 1,000 to Ukrainian citizens aged 12-18, who fully are vaccinated against COVID-19, under the ePidtrymka program. Zelenskyy has telephone conversation with Biden 3 January 2022 - 11:57 The key topic of the talks is the situation in the east and near the borders of our state. Zelenskyy praised the active role of the United States in its settlement, noting the importance of international legal steps planned for January 2022. President of Ukraine receives Qatari delegation led by Qatar ruling family member Sheikh Faisal bin Qassim Al Thani 31 December 2021 - 18:14 The parties discussed the implementation of joint investment projects in the fields of infrastructure, agribusiness, tourist and hotel areas. 1 2 ... 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine