1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033104/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=112 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – I urge you to come to Ukraine now, so that by the time of victory, your hard work has already yielded results - speech by the President at the spring session of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Manufacturers 28 February 2023 - 17:49 This confrontation is going on right now. And that is why right now we are calling on all businesses to come to Ukraine and to leave the Russian market. President of Ukraine met with the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court 28 February 2023 - 17:31 The Head of State greeted Karim Khan, for whom it wasn’t the first visit to Kyiv, and thanked for the support our state has felt from the ICC since the first day of Russia's full-scale invasion. Andriy Yermak handed over a letter to the Secretary-General of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development confirming Ukraine's membership in the OECD Working Group 28 February 2023 - 15:57 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with a delegation of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development headed by OECD Secretary-General Mathias Cormann. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 28 February 2023 - 15:19 The members of the Staff reviewed the overall operational situation and the likely nature of the enemy's actions in the near future. They also reviewed the state of supplying the defense forces with ammunition and equipment, the progress of training of Ukrainian servicemen abroad, and the needs of the defense forces in terms of numbers and specialties. We need modern combat aircraft to protect the entire territory of Ukraine from Russian terror - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 February 2023 - 22:07 Our pilots, together with our anti-aircraft gunners, together with all the warriors and specialists of our Air Forces, are already doing a great job. But we will be able to fully protect the sky when the aviation taboo in relations with our partners is lifted. We must have effective and efficient mechanisms to fight corruption - Andriy Yermak on Ukraine's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery 27 February 2023 - 22:02 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a regular meeting of the Ukrainian working group to develop proposals for Ukraine's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery in International Business Transactions. President met with the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury 27 February 2023 - 18:15 The President noted the decision of the U.S. administration announced on February 24 to allocate USD 9.9 billion in direct budget support to our country in 2023. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that these funds are extremely important, as they allow us to cover the unfunded part of the state budget and support the segments of the population that need it most. Olena Zelenska presented the Ukrainian Bookshelf and Ukrainian-language audio guides in Albania and Ireland 27 February 2023 - 15:24 As part of the cultural projects of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, the Ukrainian Bookshelf was presented and Ukrainian-language audio guides were launched in Albania and Ireland. Tetiana Lomakina spoke at the Zero Project Conference in Vienna about the needs and challenges faced by people with disabilities in Ukraine due to Russian aggression 27 February 2023 - 15:11 Advisor - Presidential Commissioner for Barrier-Free Environment Tetiana Lomakina took part in the global Zero Project Conference in Vienna. She described how the war changed the lives of people from different social groups, including people with disabilities. We will never forget the incredible support of the American people - Andriy Yermak on Fox News 27 February 2023 - 09:01 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak is convinced that by their heroic struggle against Russian aggression, Ukrainians have reminded the world of the true values of democracy and freedom, which always prevail. He said this on the air of the American TV channel Fox News. 1 2 ... 109 110 111 112 113 114 115 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine