6 captures 13 Sep 2022 - 16 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 13 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220913221602/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/golova-mizhnarodnoyi-asociaciyi-yuristiv-na-zustrichi-z-andr-77725 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Together with our troops and our flag, ordinary normal life comes to the de-occupied territory - address by the President of Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 22:13 View all videos n latest news Together with our troops and our flag, ordinary normal life comes to the de-occupied territory - address by the President of Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 22:10 Andriy Yermak familiarized the advisors to the heads of state and government of the countries of Eastern Europe and the Baltic countries with the developed recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 21:06 A regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief was held 13 September 2022 - 20:08 Kyrylo Tymoshenko and the Japanese parliamentary delegation discussed participation in the Fast Recovery Plan and the restoration of the infrastructure of the Kharkiv region 13 September 2022 - 19:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the annual meeting of the Yalta European Strategy 9 September 2022 - 19:04 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Executive Director of the International Bar Association at a meeting with Andriy Smyrnov supported the creation of an international tribunal for Russia 13 September 2022 - 09:39 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Smyrnov and Executive Director of the International Bar Association Mark Ellis discussed the creation of an international tribunal that will investigate the crime of aggression and try the highest political leadership of Russia. "The scale of war crimes committed by Russians in Ukraine is staggering. Since the beginning of the war, more than 40,000 war crimes have been committed in our country. On the one hand, these are the direct executors - Russian soldiers and officers who raped, killed, tortured and gave criminal orders. But the main culprits are those who committed the "supreme international crime" - aggression and came to Ukraine with the war. This is Vladimir Putin and other top military and political leaders of Russia," Andriy Smyrnov said at the meeting. In order to restore justice and punish the perpetrators of this aggression, it is necessary to consolidate the efforts of the entire international legal community. Our goal is a fair trial and legal retribution, emphasized the Deputy Head of the President's Office. According to him, right now Ukraine should make it clear to all humanity that no one will avoid responsibility, just as Hitler and the leadership of Nazi Germany did not avoid it in the 1940s. "In order to achieve legal retribution for the crime of aggression, we are initiating the creation of a special international tribunal, the mandate of which will be limited to proving guilt in committing the crime of aggression by Russia against Ukraine. I urge you to support this initiative. I urge you to use all your significant potential of knowledge and skills so that no culprit avoids punishment. For us to witness a fair trial and legal retribution for the country, the myth of whose power is crumbling before our eyes," Andriy Smyrnov noted. For his part, Mark Ellis said that he fully supports the creation of an international tribunal. "The Russian leadership, in particular Vladimir Putin, disregarded the inviolable principles of international law by starting a war against Ukraine. Vladimir Putin committed the most serious crime - he committed aggression against your country. I believe that the court that will be created should focus on a narrow issue - Russia's aggression. The International Bar Association and I are ready to support the international tribunal and do everything in our power to ensure that the crime of aggression is punished," he said. Executive Director of the International Bar Association Mark Ellis cooperated with the international tribunals on the issues of Yugoslavia and Rwanda, and initiated a program to support judges in Iraq. On his initiative, the eyeWitness to Atrocities mobile application was created, which allows to keep evidence of war crimes. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine