14 captures 16 Aug 2024 - 10 Dec 2025 Jul AUG Sep 16 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240816192157/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-maksimalno-zavdavati-urazhennya-vsim-rosijskim-pozici-92637 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Must Inflict Maximum Damage on All Russian Positions, and We Are Doing That – Address by the President 16 August 2024 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news The President Received Letters of Credence from the Newly Appointed Ambassadors of Mexico, Italy, Slovakia, the Netherlands, India and Belgium 16 August 2024 - 20:45 We Must Inflict Maximum Damage on All Russian Positions, and We Are Doing That – Address by the President 16 August 2024 - 20:18 It Is Time to Adopt Important Legislative Things – Defense Legislative Package for Ukraine – Address by the President 15 August 2024 - 15:22 Andriy Yermak Discussed with Civil Society Representatives Strengthening Cooperation to Achieve the Most Important Goals for Ukraine 15 August 2024 - 09:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President Received Letters of Credence from the Ambassadors of Foreign Countries 16 August 2024 - 20:50 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We Must Inflict Maximum Damage on All Russian Positions, and We Are Doing That – Address by the President 16 August 2024 - 20:18 I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! The main points. There have already been several reports by Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi about the frontline situation and our operation in the Kursk region. We see that the occupier is suffering losses, and this is helpful, very helpful for our defense. It is about destroying the logistics of the Russian army and draining their reserves. We must inflict maximum damage on all Russian positions, and we are doing that. I thank each of our warriors for their precision, I thank them for strength and for resilience. Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi reported on our defensive steps in the Donbas: Pokrovsk and Toretsk directions. As well as our advance in the Kursk region. We are eliminating the Russian military presence in the area of our operations there, and replenishing “the exchange fund” for our state. Second. The new Ambassadors of the partner countries – Belgium, India, the Netherlands, Slovakia, Italy, and Mexico – have arrived to work in Ukraine. I have received their letters of credence and am grateful for the clear support of our territorial integrity and international law. Also today, I held several meetings regarding our further diplomatic efforts aimed at bringing peace for Ukraine closer, a just peace, and at protecting our people. We are preparing some news. And one more thing for today, which is extremely important. I spoke with members of the Council of Churches and Religious Organizations. And I am grateful for their support of our course towards spiritual independence of Ukraine. A draft law has been submitted to the Verkhovna Rada; it can actually guarantee that there will be no manipulation of the Ukrainian Church by Moscow. This draft law should work and contribute to the unity of Ukraine, our true spiritual unity. I thank everyone who is strengthening the independence of Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine