5 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 06 Oct 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233248/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-pid-chas-vizitu-do-litvi-zustrilasya-z-pershi-84309 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife During a visit to Lithuania, Olena Zelenska met with first ladies and gentlemen from other countries and Ukrainian forced migrants 13 July 2023 - 09:59 During a visit to the Republic of Lithuania, the wife of the President of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska, met with first ladies and gentlemen of different countries and visited the Ukrainian Center in Vilnius, where she spoke with Ukrainian forced migrants. The Ukrainian Center is the first cultural and educational space for the needs of Ukrainian forced migrants in the EU. The Center was established on the initiative and under the patronage of Olena Zelenska and First Lady of Lithuania Diana Nausėdienė on June 11, 2022. During the first year of its operation, the center hosted more than 1,800 different events. It was visited by 24 thousand people. “Dear Mrs. Diana, I remember how, more than a year ago, in the first months of the Russian invasion, I wrote you a letter with a proposal to create such a center so that Ukrainians would have their place in your country. And how quickly you implemented it. It was beyond all expectations,” the President’s wife said, addressing Diana Nausėdienė. The meeting with the First Lady of Ukraine was attended by Ukrainian forced migrants, head of the Ukrainian Center in Vilnius, former Ambassador of Lithuania to Ukraine Algirdas Kumža, and Rector of Vytautas the Great University Juozas Augutis. The Ukrainian Center was also visited by the first ladies and gentlemen of different countries. In particular, the wife of the Prime Minister of Slovenia Tina Gaber, the wife of the Prime Minister of Sweden Birgitta Ed, the wife of the Prime Minister of North Macedonia Elena Kovachevska, the wife of the Prime Minister of Japan Yuko Kishida, the wife of the Prime Minister of Belgium Annik Penders, the husband of the Prime Minister of Denmark Bo Tengberg, the husband of the Prime Minister of Luxembourg Gauthier Destenay, the wife of the Prime Minister of Spain María Begoña Gómez Fernández, the wife of the Prime Minister of Albania Linda Rama, the wife of the President of the European Council Amélie Derbaudrenghien, the wife of the Prime Minister of Greece Mareva Grabowski-Mitsotakis, the wife of the President of the Czech Republic Eva Pavlová, the wife of the NATO Secretary General Ingrid Schulerud, the wife of the President of the Republic of Korea Kim Keon Hee, the husband of the President of the Slovak Republic Juraj Rizman, the wife of the President of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda, the wife of the President of Türkiye Emine Erdoğan, the wife of the President of France Brigitte Macron. In her speech, the First Lady of Ukraine addressed her countrymen, forced migrants who have taken refuge in Lithuania and other countries: "You are the greatest value of Ukraine. Our people are the most important thing for our country. Your safety, your well-being, your recovery from what you have experienced and are experiencing. It is not resources, wealth or infrastructure that make up a country. A country is its people. Ukraine is not defending marks on a map, numbers, or statistics - it is defending against death, against the extermination of its people. Each and every one of you is important. And everything you do for the victory is important, no matter where you are. Your faith and hope are important. And the Ukraine we will rebuild together will be for the people and about the people. Because we know the value of life and mutual assistance. We know how to value each other and our friends," Olena Zelenska said. She also addressed her colleagues, the world's first ladies and gentlemen: "The role of the first ladies and gentlemen of the world is changing. We can do more, and we are doing more. We are the agents of change who the world needs right now.After all, Russian aggression is a challenge not only for Ukraine and not only a military one – you yourself see how with it there have been more crises in the world, economic and migration problems, insecurity, and, of course, fears and stresses – because no one, in any country cannot feel safe when an aggressor is nearby.” The wife of the President of Ukraine emphasized that the next, third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, which will take place on September 6, 2023, will be dedicated to mental health in the world, as it has no borders. Olena Zelenska emphasized that the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, which she had launched as the first such professional community in the world, is important right now. "Each of us – whether the First Lady or a forced migrant – in his or her place every day, every minute makes the way the world is becoming a better and safer place for our homelands and people," she noted. The First Lady of Ukraine and her colleagues from Lithuania and other countries visited the Palace of the Grand Dukes of Lithuania, where a Ukrainian audio guide has been available since 2022 as part of Olena Zelenska's project to introduce Ukrainian-language audio guides at the world's leading landmarks. The project currently includes 67 Ukrainian-language audio tours in 42 countries. In addition, the President's wife met with the leadership of the University Hospital Santaros Klinikos in Vilnius and the Minister of Health of the Republic of Lithuania Arūnas Dulkys. The First Lady thanked the Minister for the comprehensive support to Ukraine in the field of healthcare during the Russian invasion. "I am especially grateful that you are accepting wounded Ukrainian defenders for treatment and rehabilitation, who receive effective comprehensive rehabilitation care in the best medical facilities in Lithuania. They have already helped 170 wounded Ukrainian defenders," she said. Olena Zelenska expressed hope for cooperation between the countries in the field of mental health: "Lithuania adopted a Mental Health Strategy in 2007. The team of the All-Ukrainian Mental Health Program has familiarized itself with its main directions and sees that the main provisions are very much in line with the concept of the All-Ukrainian Mental Health Program, which I initiated in 2022." In particular, according to her, the Ukrainian Ministry of Health takes as an example the Lithuanian experience of creating primary mental health care centers, which should become the first point of contact for a person with problems or disorders in this area. The First Lady also proposed to consider the opportunity of establishing direct cooperation in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Program between the Mykolaiv Regional Children's Hospital and the University Hospital Santaros Klinikos in Vilnius. "Why do we offer these hospitals for cooperation? Mykolaiv region was heavily damaged during the hostilities, with many destroyed medical facilities, which makes the surviving ones very busy. In addition, doctors are forced to acquire new expertise in the field, because there are a large number of victims of hostilities in the region, both military and civilian," the President's wife said. v Videos ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania 11 July 2023 - 19:38 ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania 11 July 2023 - 19:38 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine