4 captures 14 Dec 2024 - 16 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241214165449/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=30-11-2023&date-to=30-11-2024&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, We Already Have Preliminary Data That the Russians Have Begun to Use North Korean Soldiers in Their Assaults – Address by the President 14 December 2024 - 16:39 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan Discussed Ways to Enhance Cooperation Between the Two Countries 16 November 2024 - 18:01 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan Takeshi Iwaya, who paid his first bilateral visit to Ukraine after the new Government was formed. Every Day, Ukrainians Prove with Their Courage, with Their Resilience That They Can Stop Russia – Address by the President 16 November 2024 - 15:49 I also held another meeting today regarding the preparation of our internal Resilience Plan – a point on our Heroes Policy. The meeting was quite extensive – not just the Ministry of Veterans Affairs. All kinds of Government officials. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Spoke with Students of Colombian Universities 15 November 2024 - 21:12 On the eve of International Students' Day, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke with students and professors of Colombian higher education institutions – the University of La Sabana, the Externado University, the University of Cartagena, the University of Santo Tomas, the Pontifical Bolivarian University and the University of the Andes. What the Future Will Look Like Depends on Each of Us Today – Speech by President to the Students of Colombian Universities 15 November 2024 - 21:06 Preparations for the second Peace Summit are underway. Each state can take the initiative to implement any of the points. I believe that Colombia could make a significant contribution, for example, to ensuring environmental security in the world. The Hague Hosted the Third Preparatory Meeting on the Claims Commission for Ukraine 15 November 2024 - 21:01 Iryna Mudra, Deputy Head of the Office of the President, opened the meeting online and urged participants to accelerate the work on establishing the Commission. There Will Be No Minsk-3; What We Need Is Real Peace – Address by the President 15 November 2024 - 19:06 We continued to work on the points of our Internal Resilience Plan. Today, two fundamental points were covered: the frontline and human capital. Everything related to our defense. We Continue to Work on Our Internal Resilience Plan – Address by the President 14 November 2024 - 20:18 There are ten points in total, which will be presented next week, and for each point, together with Ukrainian civil society, together with everyone ready to contribute rational ideas, together with business, we will prepare a foundational, doctrinal document for Ukraine, for our resilience. Meeting with Families of Ukrainian Civilians Unlawfully Held Captive by Russia Was Held at the President’s Office 14 November 2024 - 16:21 Representatives from the Coordination Headquarters explained the processes behind locating and securing the release of civilians from Russian captivity and provided updates on efforts in this area. Ukraine and Conflict Armament Research Will Continue Their Cooperation on Preventing the Supply of Components to Russian Federation Bypassing Sanctions 14 November 2024 - 15:26 Vladyslav Vlasiuk, Advisor and Presidential Commissioner for Sanctions Policy, met with Damien Spleeters, Director of Expeditionary Operations at a British organization Conflict Armament Research. We Need to Finally Push Russia Towards Making a Fair Peace; We Will Certainly Consolidate All Our Internal Forces – Address by the President 13 November 2024 - 21:15 We are actively working on the points of Ukraine's internal Resilience Plan – the Plan that will fill with internal strength everything we presented to our partners in the Victory Plan. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine