1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030332/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=25 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Everything in our country should become an assistant to a veteran, just as it is an assistant to a warrior today - President's address to the participants of the VI International Veterans Forum 22 August 2023 - 12:34 You are heroes! You are needed! Ukraine needs you! Each and every one of you. Those who are fighting for Ukraine. Who brought and is bringing Ukraine's victory closer. Millions of people are fighting and working to ensure that Ukraine prevails and defends itself. We need everyone of these millions! No lost lives! No lost generations! No lost opportunities! And, of course, no lost time. The time of life. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Commission in Athens 22 August 2023 - 12:00 The parties discussed in detail alternative routes for the "grain corridor" after Russia's blocking of the Black Sea Grain Initiative. Particular attention was paid to security and financial aspects, as well as ship insurance. Head of State met with President of Serbia on the margins of the Ukraine-Balkans Summit 22 August 2023 - 10:41 The leaders discussed the most important issues of regional security, bilateral relations and prospects for their development. Athens Summit Declaration 22 August 2023 - 09:18 In our discussions in Athens today, we expressed support and appreciation for the earnest efforts by Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in setting out the principles for peace in line with the UN Charter, in his Peace Formula. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Prime Minister of Bulgaria in Athens 22 August 2023 - 08:50 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the head of the Bulgarian government discussed further cooperation to protect our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with the President of Greece 21 August 2023 - 22:10 In the framework of a working visit to the Hellenic Republic, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of Greece Katerina Sakellaropoulou. President of Ukraine following the meeting with Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis: Greece will take part in the training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16s 21 August 2023 - 21:37 During a working visit to the Hellenic Republic, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Greece Kyriakos Mitsotakis. Olena Zelenska: We are grateful to Denmark for understanding our struggle for life and freedom 21 August 2023 - 21:08 During a visit to the Kingdom of Denmark, Olena Zelenska met with Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs Morten Bødskov, Minister for Development Cooperation and Global Climate Policy Dan Jørgensen and representatives of the country's business community. Joint Declaration of Ukraine and the Hellenic Republic on the Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine 21 August 2023 - 20:19 The Hellenic Republic will continue to support the Alliance’s strong and effective political and material support for Ukraine aimed at ensuring the ability of Ukraine to effectively defend its territory on land, at sea and in the air. Andriy Yermak: Fair punishment of Russia for its crimes will be a prerequisite for the safety and security of all mankind 21 August 2023 - 18:19 Bringing to justice all those responsible for the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine will be a prerequisite for the security and safety of humanity, so all civilized states that respect international law should join the process of establishing a Special International Tribunal. This was stated by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak during an online speech at the conference "Special Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression against Ukraine. Justice to be Served", which is taking place in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine