1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309031559/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=9 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Joint statement by the President of Ukraine, the President of the Republic of Lithuania, the President of the Republic of Poland on the Russian Federation’s decision to recognise the so-called “DPR” and “LPR” 23 February 2022 - 15:51 We reaffirm our strong commitment to the sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders, extending to its territorial waters. The Russian Federation’s decision to recognise the so-called “LNR” and “DPR” will have no legal implications. President of Ukraine meets with the Presidents of Lithuania and Poland in Kyiv 23 February 2022 - 13:28 After the meeting, the Presidents will talk to the media. NSDC chaired by Volodymyr Zelenskyy decided to declare a state of emergency 23 February 2022 - 13:08 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine, during which a decision was made to impose a state of emergency on the entire territory of Ukraine, except the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, where Joint Forces Operation is underway. President of Ukraine initiates a program of economic patriotism 22 February 2022 - 23:57 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is initiating a program of economic patriotism, which will provide targeted support to certain sectors of the economy, reduce the tax burden on entrepreneurs, limit inspections and create incentives to attract funds of the population to businesses and the banking system. President met with representatives of parliamentary factions and groups of the Verkhovna Rada 22 February 2022 - 21:48 The Head of State initiated the formation of the country's Defense Coalition in the Parliament and stressed the importance of its creation at this time. Volodymyr Zelenskyy called on the representatives of the parliamentary factions to ensure the prompt adoption by the Verkhovna Rada of decisions related to strengthening the defense capabilities of our state. Ukraine to consider severance of diplomatic relations with Russia and other effective steps to respond to recent events - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 February 2022 - 14:07 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced that he had received a request from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine regarding the severance of diplomatic relations between Ukraine and the Russian Federation. The Head of State said this during a conversation with the media following the talks with President of the Republic of Estonia Alar Karis in Kyiv. Increasing Estonian investment will be a significant contribution to strengthening Ukraine's resilience - Head of State 22 February 2022 - 13:49 "We agreed that the contribution to strengthening the stability of Ukraine will be an increase in Estonian business, Estonian investment in Ukraine. Interest in the increase is mutual. Therefore, I invite Estonian investors to take a more active part in energy, infrastructure projects and IT development in Ukraine," the President said during a meeting with media representatives following negotiations with the President of Estonia in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: By recognizing "independence" of certain districts of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, Russia is creating a legal basis for further armed aggression against Ukraine 22 February 2022 - 13:30 The decision of the Russian Federation to recognize the terrorist groups operating in the temporarily occupied territories of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions is another manifestation of aggression against Ukraine and requires an immediate response from our partners, including the imposition of tough sanctions. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives following talks with President of the Republic of Estonia Alar Karis in Kyiv. Joint Statement by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Estonia Alar Karis 22 February 2022 - 12:49 The parties state that Russia's recognition of the so-called "Donetsk and Luhansk People's Republics" affirms a conscious unilateral withdrawal from the Minsk agreements and is a clear violation of international law, the territorial integrity of Ukraine and the most serious blow to the political-diplomatic settlement, which Ukraine and its partners are actively working to promote. Presidents of Ukraine and Estonia began their meeting in Kyiv 22 February 2022 - 11:20 After the talks, the Heads of State will meet with representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine