1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033019/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=57 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – For Ukrainians and Jews, it is a common war for their own history - Andriy Yermak at an online meeting with representatives of the Jewish community 21 June 2023 - 15:51 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held an online meeting with representatives of Jewish organizations, the Jewish community, and the Israeli media. More than 50 participants from around the world joined the meeting. When we build Ukraine, we will build freedom – online speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Ukraine Recovery Conference in London 21 June 2023 - 14:51 I will outline five directions in which we have begun to create foundations for peace. The first is the potential of unity. The second is the potential of stability. The third is growth potential. The fourth is security potential. And the fifth – extremely important – is the potential of democracy. Andriy Yermak held a briefing on security issues for representatives of the Atlantic Council 21 June 2023 - 11:38 ​On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a videoconference briefing on security issues for members of the Atlantic Council of the United States of America. Olena Zelenska: Looking at the Jewish people, we believe that we will find justice for the Ukrainian people as well 20 June 2023 - 23:03 On the second day of her visit to the State of Israel, the wife of the President of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska, visited Yad Vashem, the Holocaust Memorial Complex in Jerusalem, founded in 1953 to perpetuate the memory of Jewish victims of Nazism. A rebuilt and strengthened Ukraine means protection against all forms of Russian terror - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 June 2023 - 22:01 A rebuilt Ukraine, a transformed Ukraine, a strengthened Ukraine is a carrier of security and a guarantor of security, it is protection against any form of Russian terror and protection against any repetition of Russian aggression. Olena Zelenska met with the First Lady and President of Israel 19 June 2023 - 23:31 During her visit to the State of Israel, First Lady Olena Zelenska met in Tel Aviv with First Lady Michal Herzog and President of Israel Isaac Herzog. The evil state has no such fortifications or reserves that will stop Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 June 2023 - 22:16 In some areas our warriors are moving forward, in some areas they are defending their positions and resisting the occupiers' assaults and intensified attacks. We have no lost positions. Only liberated ones. They have only losses. President had a phone call with the President of the World Bank 19 June 2023 - 18:17 The parties discussed further development of cooperation, in particular, mobilization of international support for Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Rishi Sunak 19 June 2023 - 12:28 The Head of State spoke in detail about the course of hostilities. The interlocutors discussed the defense needs of Ukraine and further cooperation in expanding the capabilities of the Ukrainian army on the battlefield, particularly through long-range weapons. Our troops are advancing, step by step we are moving forward - address by the President of Ukraine 18 June 2023 - 22:31 Russia will lose the occupied territories. There is no and will be no alternative to our steps for de-occupation. 1 2 ... 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine