1 capture 01 May 2023 Apr MAY Jun 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230501195531/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=01-05-2022&date-to=01-05-2023&page=68 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russian invaders will receive our response to every attack - address by the President of Ukraine 1 May 2023 - 22:00 View all videos n latest news Russian invaders will receive our response to every attack - address by the President of Ukraine 1 May 2023 - 21:56 The invader will definitely not succeed in taking away our peace, which is a natural part of the Ukrainian character - address by the President of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 16:31 President of Ukraine had a conversation with President of France 30 April 2023 - 16:01 President on the Day of Border Guards: Heroism, reliability and resilience of border guard troops will make a powerful contribution to the restoration of the state border of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 15:09 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of the Border Guard of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 14:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Head of State met with the President of the German Bundestag 8 May 2022 - 15:56 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Germany for supporting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our state. The President stressed that Ukraine expects from Germany a strong and confident leadership in helping our country in the fight against the Russian aggressor. Ukraine is interested in exchanging experience with EU and NATO countries in the field of modern armaments and technologies - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 May 2022 - 14:34 Ukraine would like to receive from the Allies not only samples of Soviet weapons, but also modern military equipment, weapons and technology. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives. President of Ukraine discussed with the Prime Minister of Croatia the strengthening of sanctions, cooperation in the security, energy and European integration spheres 8 May 2022 - 14:17 "Croatia is a principled member of our anti-war coalition. Together we defend the right not only of our citizens, not only of the citizens of Ukraine, but also of every European nation to an independent and democratic life. Together, we are defending the future of a united Europe and are doing everything we can to restore the power of international law," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. President held a meeting on fuel supply and execution of the state budget 7 May 2022 - 14:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy chaired a meeting on topical issues of the executive branch. It was attended by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak and his deputies, Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal and members of the government. Defending Ukraine, the leaders of each state defend their country from war as well - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 May 2022 - 19:39 When the world understands that the war in Ukraine is a common war, victory will become common as well. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a video meeting at the Royal Institute of International Affairs Chatham House (UK). If Russian troops destroy people in Mariupol, there will be nothing to talk about with Russia - President of Ukraine 6 May 2022 - 19:17 The possible destruction of the Ukrainian military and civilians who currently remain on the territory of the Azovstal plant in Mariupol by the Russian occupiers can put an end to any diplomatic negotiations with the Russian side. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a video meeting at the Royal Institute of International Affairs Chatham House (UK). It is inadmissible to impose sanctions with one hand, and to sign new contracts with the Russian Federation with another - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 May 2022 - 19:04 If you continue to pay Russia for energy, it is only a matter of time before Russian troops cross the borders of the European Union, said Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a video meeting at the Royal Institute of International Affairs Chatham House (UK). President presented awards to the military and members of the families of fallen defenders, who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine, as well as the first Knights of the Cross of Military Merit 6 May 2022 - 16:36 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the Golden Star orders to servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine and to members of the families of defenders who were posthumously awarded this title. The Head of State also presented the first awards of the Cross of Military Merit. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Baltic foreign ministers discussed support for Ukraine during the Russian aggression 6 May 2022 - 14:31 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Estonia Eva-Maria Liimets, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Latvia Edgars Rinkēvičs and Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Lithuania Gabrielius Landsbergis. President of Ukraine held an online meeting with the 43rd President of the United States George W. Bush 5 May 2022 - 20:24 The 43rd President of the United States expressed his support for Volodymyr Zelenskyy and all the Ukrainian people in the fight against the aggressor. "Your courage is very important for further success. If you continue to do what you do, you will always have our support if you continue to fight as you do now," said George W. Bush. 1 2 ... 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine