5 captures 06 Oct 2020 - 26 Jun 2022 May JUN Jul 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220626084933/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zaohochuye-pobudovu-v-ukrayini-reabilitacijni-64157 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos No Russian missiles, no strikes can break the morale of Ukrainians - address by the President of Ukraine 25 June 2022 - 22:57 View all videos n latest news No Russian missiles, no strikes can break the morale of Ukrainians - address by the President of Ukraine 25 June 2022 - 22:45 First Lady Olena Zelenska told the French media about Ukraine's resistance to Russian aggression 25 June 2022 - 16:48 Ukraine became a candidate for EU membership, Georgia is on this path – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the "Home, to Europe" rally in Tbilisi 25 June 2022 - 00:25 Ukraine has gained the status of a candidate for the EU membership - it did not fall from the sky, so let’s be proud of it - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 June 2022 - 23:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Luxembourg in Kyiv 21 June 2022 - 16:42 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President encourages the construction of rehabilitation centers in Ukraine for combatants 1 October 2020 - 16:07 During a working trip to the Rivne region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the work of the Republican Center for Neurotrauma Treatment and Rehabilitation for Combatants in Donbas, which operates on the basis of the Rivne Regional Hospital for War Veterans. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also talked to ATO veterans and presented two heroes with valuable gifts. He stressed that Ukrainians will always be grateful to our warriors who preserved state independence, and to doctors who help all victims of the war save their lives and recover. "Good for you. Such strong people. Thank you. Get well - that's the most important thing. I wish you a speedy recovery," the President of Ukraine wished the patients of the center. The hospital management told Volodymyr Zelenskyy that the therapeutic building needs to be reconstructed in the complex. This requires almost UAH 20 million. Construction can take about a year. "I will tell the Prime Minister to consider this issue. This is, first of all, the life, conditions and health of our soldiers," the Head of State said. During a visit, the President of Ukraine put forward the idea of building several similar hospitals for combatants. That's why he instructed the regional authorities to calculate the cost of the veterans' hospital in the Rivne region. This will give an understanding of how much money is needed to create such institutions. "We will make a program all over the country where these centers are needed. By the way, we can think about next year. The budget is being approved this year - it has not been approved yet. I think that's right. The main thing is to have specialists," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. In addition, the President promised to assist the hospital in purchasing equipment for computer tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. Separately, Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed with members of the families of those killed in the war the key problems they face. The Head of State supported the idea of giving combatants the opportunity to receive monetary compensation instead of land for construction to which they are entitled. The President also called for the creation of preferential lending conditions for veteran businesses in the region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also supported the proposal to determine compensation for public utilities at the state level to prevent the payment of insufficient compensation from local authorities in the future. ph Working trip to the Rivne region 1 October 2020 - 13:31 ph Working trip to the Rivne region 1 October 2020 - 13:31 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine