1 capture 04 Jun 2022 May JUN Jul 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220604064537/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ispaniya-pidtrimuye-yevrointegracijnij-postup-ukrayini-igor-75481 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Don't help Russia justify itself and don't let the murderers call you their brothers and sisters - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the 90th annual meeting of the US Conference of Mayors 4 June 2022 - 09:11 View all videos n latest news Don't help Russia justify itself and don't let the murderers call you their brothers and sisters - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the 90th annual meeting of the US Conference of Mayors 4 June 2022 - 09:07 "Peace", "victory", "Ukraine" - three words we have been fighting for for a hundred days already after eight years - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 June 2022 - 21:35 Kyrylo Tymoshenko met with the leadership of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe 3 June 2022 - 20:27 Ihor Zhovkva: Portugal is our sincere partner on Ukraine's European integration path 3 June 2022 - 19:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President’s visit to the Shalimov National Institute of Surgery and Transplantology 3 June 2022 - 17:10 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Spain supports Ukraine's European integration progress - Ihor Zhovkva 31 May 2022 - 14:37 During a working visit to the Kingdom of Spain, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a number of meetings with representatives of the Government and Parliament of this country. During the talks with Minister of Foreign Affairs, the European Union and Cooperation of the Kingdom of Spain José Manuel Albares Bueno, the issue of granting Ukraine the status of a candidate for EU membership was discussed in the context of the European Council meeting to be held on June 23-24. In addition, the parties stressed the importance of strengthening the defense capabilities of the Armed Forces of Ukraine by supplying our country with heavy weapons. "Restricting Russia's access to funds and technology should weaken its readiness to launch constant strikes at Ukraine's territory and replenish its military capabilities," Ihor Zhovkva said. The interlocutors exchanged views on the possibilities of involving Spanish business in the reconstruction of certain regions and cities of Ukraine destroyed by Russian aggression. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President informed the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Spain about the establishment of new channels for the export of Ukrainian grain to the European and world markets. Ihor Zhovkva also took part in an event marking the 40th anniversary of Spain's accession to NATO, attended by King Felipe VI of Spain, Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. An important topic raised by the speakers was the need to strengthen Ukraine's defense capabilities against the background of Russian aggression. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President discussed with First Vice President of the Spanish Congress of Deputies Alfonso Rodríguez Gómez de Celis and Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the Spanish Congress of Deputies Pau Mari-Klose the importance of strengthening inter-parliamentary contacts between our countries. Ihor Zhovkva thanked the Spanish people for their support for the temporarily displaced Ukrainian citizens. During the meeting with Secretary of State for the European Union of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the European Union and Cooperation of the Kingdom of Spain Pascual Ignacio Navarro Ríos, the focus was on Ukraine's practical steps towards full membership in the European Union. Ihor Zhovkva stressed that Ukraine's achievements in reforms, market integration and the stability of institutions during the war are important prerequisites for accelerated integration into the European Union. He expressed hope that a positive conclusion from the European Commission would be received soon and that Spain would support granting Ukraine the status of a candidate country in the near future. "Ukrainian society has already proved its Europeanness, so our expectations for the status of a candidate country in June are reasonable, justified and labored," said Ihor Zhovkva. At the meeting with Secretary General of Defense Policy of Spain Admiral Juan Francisco Martínez Núñez, the cooperation between Ukraine and Spain in the military-technical sphere was discussed. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President thanked for the military assistance received from Spain and expressed hope for its increase in order to strengthen resistance to Russian military aggression. During working meetings with Diplomatic Adviser to Prime Minister of Spain Emma Aparici Vázquez de Parga and Director of the Spanish EU Presidency Coordination Office María Aurora Mejía Errasquín, the issues of practical implementation of Ukraine's European integration strategy and the possibility of using advisory and other practical assistance from the Spanish government were discussed. Ihor Zhovkva praised the active position of Mayor of Madrid José Luis Martínez-Almeida in support of Ukraine, in particular in the organization of the May 28, 2022 marathon "Run for Ukraine. Run for peace". According to preliminary estimates, the event held in the downtown of the Spanish capital and dedicated to supporting Ukraine's status as a candidate for EU membership brought together more than 3,000 participants. As part of the visit of the Deputy Head of the President's Office, a ceremony of launching the “Spain with Ukraine” postage stamp was also held. In the premises of the Spanish Post Office, Ihor Zhovkva together with Chairman Juan Manuel Serrano Quintana took part in the ceremony of cancellation of the first samples of this first Spanish stamp dedicated to Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine