4 captures 24 Feb 2024 - 15 Oct 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240224072107/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=13 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Democracies should not withdraw from the historical process of protecting all the values that have shaped our modern world – address by the President of Ukraine 23 February 2024 - 17:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region 23 February 2024 - 12:48 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – More security, more cooperation, more opportunities to restore peace – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after negotiations with Giorgia Meloni in Rome 13 May 2023 - 19:39 As part of his official visit to Italy, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Prime Minister of the Italian Republic Giorgia Meloni. President of Ukraine meets with President of Italy in Rome 13 May 2023 - 14:46 The President of Ukraine thanked Italy for the comprehensive assistance our country receives from it. Zelenskyy expressed hope for further extensive support from Italy. In addition, he noted the need for further strengthening of international pressure on the aggressor country, in particular, via new sanctions. Attempts to circumvent sanctions should be defined as one of the gravest crimes against international law and peace – address of Ukraine's President 12 May 2023 - 18:19 Today is a sanction day. Five sanctions packages have been approved, which we prepared very carefully these weeks in the NSDC, the Cabinet of Ministers, the Office, and our secret services. The project of Ukrainian-language audio guides has been implemented in three more famous landmarks of the world 12 May 2023 - 16:12 The project to launch Ukrainian-language audio guides, initiated by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, was implemented in three museums in Italy and Sweden. In addition, a memorandum was signed to launch an audio tour in Ukrainian at Westminster Abbey in the UK. Applications for awarding the title of Hero of Ukraine will be considered by an expert group under the Commission of State Awards and Heraldry – President’s decree 12 May 2023 - 12:40 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has amended the Statute of the title of Hero of Ukraine, according to which preliminary consideration of applications for the highest state title will be carried out by an expert group under the Commission of State Awards and Heraldry under the President. The President signed the relevant decree today. Today, I approved a comprehensive strategic plan for reforming our law enforcement system – address by the President of Ukraine 11 May 2023 - 22:41 Ukraine should become and has already become a place of strength for Europe and the entire free world. We have to ensure maximum security, maximum freedom, maximum respect for the law and for people in Ukraine. Olena Zelenska: Gender equality should be not only about duties and responsibilities, but also about opportunities 11 May 2023 - 18:45 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the presentation and discussion of the National Strategy for Bridging the Gender Pay Gap until 2030. Security briefing for the Brazilian delegation headed by the Chief Advisor to the President of Brazil was held at the Presidential Office 11 May 2023 - 16:04 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak took part in a security briefing for a delegation from Brazil headed by Chief Advisor to the President of the Federal Republic of Brazil Celso Amorim. It is in Ukraine that the world will see what Europe is capable of - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 May 2023 - 22:25 Here, in Ukraine, we will have the maximum of Europe in Europe - the maximum possible of what European values are capable of, what European and global cooperation is capable of. On May 15-16, London will host the conference "Ukraine's Recovery: Rebuilding with Research", co-organized by the Presidential Foundation for Support of Education, Science and Sports 10 May 2023 - 13:51 The Presidential Foundation for Support of Education, Science and Sports together with the Royal Society of London and the Universities Policy Engagement Network (UPEN) are organizing "Ukraine's Recovery: Rebuilding with Research" conference. 1 2 ... 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine