1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221550/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=77 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Oleksandr Usyk joined the United24 fundraising platform 18 October 2022 - 23:05 Undisputed cruiserweight world boxing champion, heavyweight world champion Oleksandr Usyk became the ambassador of the UNITED24 fundraising platform. He will focus on supporting the "Reconstruction of Ukraine" direction. This was announced during the athlete's online conversation with President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. On Day of Defenders of Ukraine President presents orders of Gold Star, Cross of Combat Merit awards, awards military units with honorary titles 14 October 2022 - 20:04 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in solemn events on the occasion of the Day of Defenders of Ukraine. The ceremony took place near the Mariinsky Palace in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a military hospital and presented state awards to the wounded defenders of Ukraine and military medics 14 October 2022 - 16:45 On the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a military hospital. President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 14 October 2022 - 11:54 The participants listened to the reports of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, the head of intelligence and the commanders of the troops of operational directions regarding the situation on the fronts and probable actions of the enemy in the near future. On the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, the President honored the memory of the fallen warriors 14 October 2022 - 10:28 On Mykhailivska Square in Kyiv, in the presence of an honor guard and to the sound of surma, a wreath with flowers from the Ukrainian people was placed at the Wall of Remembrance of the Fallen Defenders of Ukraine in the Russian-Ukrainian War. The first important steps have been taken to protect the Ukrainian sky, and Ukraine expects the intensification of this process from its partners - President at the PACE session 13 October 2022 - 16:48 In order to protect citizens from Russian attacks from the air, Ukraine needs modern air defense systems, because the currently available means are not enough, as we could see a few days ago. The Head of State noted this while answering questions at the plenary autumn session of the PACE. To return to the system of international justice, it is necessary to bring the Russian aggressor to justice - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the PACE autumn session 13 October 2022 - 16:32 In order to ensure a return to the system of international justice, it is necessary to isolate Russia diplomatically and economically, to designate it as a state sponsor of terrorism, and to bring to justice all those guilty of aggression against Ukraine. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, answering questions at the autumn plenary session of the PACE. The Red Cross should act more powerfully in the issue of access to prisoners in Russia and in the occupied territories - President of Ukraine at the PACE autumn session 13 October 2022 - 16:23 The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) must show more persistence and act more powerfully in the issue of gaining access to prisoners in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine and in the Russian Federation. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his participation in the PACE plenary autumn session. A meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief was held 11 October 2022 - 12:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief on Tuesday. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a phone conversation with President Joseph Biden 10 October 2022 - 22:48 Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed President Biden about the consequences of the massive missile strikes against civilian infrastructure perpetrated today by the Russian aggressor. 1 2 ... 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine