7 captures 14 Nov 2023 - 14 Dec 2025 Oct NOV Dec 14 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231114144444/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vzyala-uchast-u-naradi-shodo-realizaciyi-stra-86981 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is a matter of principle for Ukraine to implement all seven recommendations of the European Commission and fulfill everything that is required at this point of our path to the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 November 2023 - 20:36 View all videos n latest news In Washington, the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with advisors to the leaders of the United States, Great Britain, Germany and France 14 November 2023 - 11:00 Democracies all over the world have proven their ability to unite and face tyranny – speech by the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine at the Hudson Institute entitled "The Decisive Moment for Ukraine" 14 November 2023 - 10:00 Andriy Yermak met with leaders of major U.S. Jewish organizations 14 November 2023 - 08:31 It is a matter of principle for Ukraine to implement all seven recommendations of the European Commission and fulfill everything that is required at this point of our path to the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 November 2023 - 20:34 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska took part in a meeting on the implementation of the School Meals Reform Strategy: We strive not just to change the school menu, but to raise a healthy generation 13 November 2023 - 18:51 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in a meeting on the implementation of the School Meals Reform Strategy approved by the Cabinet of Ministers in late October. The event was held in Kyiv under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal. The meeting was attended by representatives of the government, the Office of the President, relevant government agencies and bodies, as well as international non-governmental organizations and embassies, including Switzerland, Germany, France and Italy. The participants were briefed on the strategy of the reform, developed with the support and assistance of the Swiss-Ukrainian project DECIDE, and its four main objectives. The interim results of the reform and further steps to be taken to achieve the results envisaged by the strategy were also discussed. "Our goal is to provide diverse, balanced and high-quality meals in schools and preschool institutions. I urge all those responsible to get involved, including communities, because it is up to them to implement practical steps," said Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal. The reform of school meals began in 2020 at the initiative of First Lady Olena Zelenska. In the same year, the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine adopted the Resolution "On Approval of the Action Plan for Reforming the School Meals System." Work on the Strategy began in the winter of 2023, and in late February it was submitted to the government for consideration. On October 27, the Cabinet of Ministers approved the document. For the coming years, the Strategy should become a roadmap for the implementation of the reform for all its participants - from central executive authorities to representatives of local governments. Based on it, communities can develop regional strategies for implementing changes on the ground. "We started the school meals reform, so to speak, in another life - in 2020. Even then, we faced many challenges. It turned out that we would have to change the sanitary regulations for educational institutions, the government's resolution on nutritiology and the procedure for organizing school meals. Not only did we have to change and update the menu, retrain cooks, and upgrade equipment, but most importantly, we had to change the psychology. The beliefs of teachers, parents, families, and the whole society. I am grateful to all the participants of the reform for the fact that we have continued it together during the full-scale invasion. We did not give up. We realized that the school needs development right now," Olena Zelenska said. She emphasized that the reform is necessary for Ukrainian families to see development and understand that their children are taken care of, that the state has the resources and desire not only to survive during the war, but also to develop and give its citizens the best. "The strategy of the reform is a guide, a map, a pointer, a navigator in the implementation of the reform. The work on it involved both relevant ministries and government agencies, as well as representatives of our partners and activists. The reform has united the whole country, its civil society and government sectors in its own way. Any reform is a collective effort and a collective responsibility," the First Lady said. The strategy sets out an action plan for 2023-2024 and four main goals of the reform by 2027: Sufficient financial resources for customers to procure food or catering services and to make purchases simply and efficiently. Renovation and modernization of canteens in educational institutions using the latest technological processes, improving energy efficiency and compliance with the HACCP system. Providing local governments and educational institutions with a sufficient number of qualified staff to organize high-quality and safe catering and promote healthy eating habits among students. Conscious choice of healthy food by Ukrainians. The strategic goal of implementing changes in these areas is to ensure diverse, balanced and high-quality nutrition in educational institutions, contributing to the social protection of vulnerable groups and developing healthy eating habits among children and adults. "We are raising a healthy generation, a healthy society, preparing the future right now. Because it will only be what we make it," Olena Zelenska said. Among the organizations that have contributed to the implementation of the reform, the President's wife named UNICEF in Ukraine, the Swiss-Ukrainian DECIDE project, the Howard Buffett Foundation, the Embassy of Switzerland in Ukraine, the Embassy of Estonia in Ukraine, the UN World Food Program in Ukraine, the World Health Organization, and "Act for Health". Olena Zelenska urged the attendees to join the reform and become partners for a healthy future of children and Ukraine. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine