6 captures 04 Nov 2021 - 12 Jun 2024 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050843/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-obgovoriv-z-radniceyu-prezidenta-estoniyi-z-pit-71381 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva discussed with the Estonian President's Foreign Affairs Adviser the security situation in Donbas and Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic course 2 November 2021 - 16:39 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held online consultations with the newly appointed Adviser to the President of the Republic of Estonia on Foreign Affairs Celia Kuningas-Saagpakk. The interlocutors positively noted the high dynamics of the dialogue between the countries and the mutual readiness for further comprehensive development of bilateral relations, which have the level of interstate partnership. Ihor Zhovkva spoke about the security situation in Donbas, in particular, about the systematic violations of the ceasefire, the growing number of dead and wounded Ukrainian servicemen, Russia's keeping of the military contingent along the Ukrainian-Russian border. Celia Kuningas-Saagpakk stressed the invariability of Tallinn's firm support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Particular attention was paid to the development of the situation in the temporarily occupied Crimea and the importance of strengthening security in the Black Sea region, especially in view of Russia's blockade of access to the Sea of Azov and parts of the Black Sea. "We are grateful to the Estonian side for its active involvement in the activities of the Crimea Platform created on the initiative of the President of Ukraine, as well as Estonia's prompt appointment of a contact person as a coordinator of interaction with the Platform's office in Kyiv," Ihor Zhovkva said. The interlocutors discussed in detail the cooperation between the two countries in the context of implementing Ukraine's strategic course towards European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Celia Kuningas-Saagpakk noted the continued support of Estonia for Ukraine's European perspective, as reflected in the Joint Statement of the countries signed in May 2021. She also stressed the importance of continuing the implementation by the Ukrainian state of an ambitious course of reforms, which will certainly result in membership in the European Union. For his part, Ihor Zhovkva thanked his interlocutor for Estonia's effective support of Ukraine's European integration strategy and said: "We are confident that the new President of Estonia Alar Karis will support Ukraine's movement towards EU membership." In addition, Ihor Zhovkva informed the interlocutor about the main results of the EU-Ukraine Summit and the expectations of the Ukrainian side from the forthcoming Eastern Partnership Summit in December 2021, primarily in terms of the Associated Trio's aspirations to deepen and intensify cooperation with the EU. Celia Kuningas-Saagpakk praised the idea of creating an "Associated Trio" and the importance of the persistent movement of associate partners through the path of reforms. During the video conference, the diplomatic advisers coordinated their positions on the further algorithm of high-level bilateral dialogue activities. The interlocutors also touched upon the epidemic situation in Ukraine and Estonia and the steps taken by both countries in the context of counteracting the spread of COVID-19 and ensuring the vaccination of citizens with a quality certified vaccine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine