26 captures 09 Jun 2022 - 12 Sep 2025 May JUN Jul 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220609094426/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-vikoristati-ves-nash-vpliv-i-liderstvo-shob-zahistiti-75693 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must use all our influence and leadership to protect freedom and ensure the defeat of tyranny - President of Ukraine during the TIME100 Gala 9 June 2022 - 09:31 View all videos n latest news We must use all our influence and leadership to protect freedom and ensure the defeat of tyranny - President of Ukraine during the TIME100 Gala 9 June 2022 - 09:25 Battle for Severodonetsk is probably one of the most difficult during this war, and in particular the fate of Donbas is being decided there - address by the President of Ukraine 8 June 2022 - 22:38 Uniting the world around Ukraine will help protect democratic values - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 June 2022 - 21:24 Political history always goes alongside economic one, and success can be common only - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the participants of Ukraine Virtual Investor Conference 8 June 2022 - 17:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in events on the occasion of the Journalist's Day 6 June 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We must use all our influence and leadership to protect freedom and ensure the defeat of tyranny - President of Ukraine during the TIME100 Gala 9 June 2022 - 09:25 Ladies and gentlemen! Greetings from Ukraine! And thank you for the opportunity to address you. When I learnt that I was named the most influential person of the year, I took it as a recognition of what all of our people are doing – all Ukrainians who are defending the freedom and independence of our state. And I am honored to be a leader, above all, for these people. Besides myself, this year’s top five features Elon Musk, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson, medical workers who fought with COVID, and President of the United States Joe Biden. This ranking of the most influential is made at a time when Europe is experiencing the worst war in 77 years. The war we cannot stop yet. Why so? Why cannot we stop the bloodshed? Why is our influence not working at full capacity? And why is a person who is not on our list at all holding millions of people hostage? I believe you will agree that these questions are now literally hanging in the air. But do you have the answers? The runner-up of our top list is Elon Musk. A man who launches rockets into space and knows how to amaze the world. A man who pushes the boundaries of the possible for both intelligence and technology. But the opinions of world leaders are not focused on Elon. Not on his rockets, which ensure progress in life. Opinions of world leaders are dedicated to those who launch rockets at civilians and destroy lives. In 105 days of the full-scale war, Russia has used about 2,600 different missiles against Ukrainian cities, most of them against civilian facilities: enterprises, railways, bridges, universities, even residential buildings. One of such rockets killed three people in our city of Odesa at once: a three-month-old girl named Kira, her mother and grandmother. Three generations of one family. Kira was only a month old when Russia started a full-blown war. What did she see in her life? And what did her assassination add to Russia’s influence? At the beginning of this war, I spoke with Elon. He asked me what he could do to help. And help he did. Thanks to his technologies, we can provide our people with a stable connection even when Russian missiles destroy all infrastructure. But are there any world leaders who are worried about whether or not Elon will pick up the phone when they call him? Or, those worried whether he will accept them? Are there leaders who think about how long the table will be when Elon Musk sits down to talk to them? So what does the influence really give? What rockets? Those that serve science? Or those that serve death? Something has definitely slipped out of control. Whether it's our own influence, which we began to underestimate, or our attitude to leadership. Attitude to what it means to be a leader. I have so much respect for Boris Johnson. He is a true friend of Ukraine and a strong defender of freedom. But, unfortunately, not all depends on him whether millions of people in Africa, Asia and Latin America will have food on their tables. It is the Russian fleet – not the British one or any other – that has blocked Ukraine’s Black Sea ports so that the world is on the brink of a terrible food crisis. And it's not simply a price crisis. We cannot export our wheat, corn, vegetable oil and other products that have played a stabilizing role in the global market. This means that, unfortunately, dozens of countries may face a physical shortage of food. Millions of people may starve if Russia’s blockade of the Black Sea continues. We are constantly talking to Boris and other leaders on how to lift the Russian blockade of our ports. And how to restore the freedom of navigation – one of the basic freedoms for all humankind. But while we are looking for ways to protect freedom, another person is destroying it. Another person continues to blackmail the world with hunger. He is another in every sense of the word. Particularly, in the way this person is fighting for influence. And I have a question: why is this “otherness” still acceptable to certain leaders and countries? I leave this question to you. Because, in fact, everyone has to answer it – first of all, for themselves. To feel deep inside what is called values. Do they exist? It is only fair that the medical workers who fought against COVID have been noted this year in the Time vote. They really are the heroes of their time. And with their conscientious work, they have encouraged the whole world to unite. Finally to unite. At first, people in different countries thought that it was enough to just close the borders and provide themselves – themselves first – with the vaccine. But later it became clear that COVID-19 has no borders and cannot be dealt with only within national borders. Even the most advanced healthcare systems were not ready for the virus. And, unfortunately, had to go through a grievous injustice, fighting with COVID-19 to find a vaccine. To agree on common rules of response, a global mechanism for the distribution of vaccines. Why is this happening again? Why is it so difficult again? Weapons and sanctions are also a vaccine. A vaccine against COVID-22 brought by Russia. Hatred is a virus, and it's even more deadly than COVID-19. It is spread through propaganda. Thanks to the impunity for murderers. Thanks to Russian oil, which is still on the global market. Thanks to money that is still flowing between the global financial system and Russian banks. Thanks to the big companies, which still believe that there is still not enough blood on the money from the Russian market. Although tens of thousands of people have died and millions have been forced to flee their homes because of this war. When hatred knocks on your door, will you be ready? Will any face mask protect you from the Russian COVID-22? And why is the vaccine against it – weapons and sanctions – so difficult to get in sufficient quantities? Why do some countries pretend as if COVID-22 does not exist, just like conspiracy theorists for whom there was no COVID-19? Why do some people learn nothing even from blood and death? I am grateful to President Biden for uniting the free world when the Russian threat arose. Today we have different tools to respond. These are defense support for Ukraine, financial aid and political coordination among many countries. It is also the Lend-Lease, which brings back the meaning of the struggle for freedom that was relevant during World War II. Because the current threat is similar in scale. However, Russia’s war against Ukraine is still ongoing. And right now, as you are listening to my address, the Ukrainian military are dying on the battlefield. The Russian army is shelling our cities with artillery and aircraft. The list of children killed by Russian strikes since February 24 already includes more than two hundred and sixty names. And when will this end? In fact, this is the key question. But why is there still no answer? Why is our influence not enough for this? Are we cowards? No. Maybe we are missing something in our true strength? Maybe we are not using all the capacity of our influence and our leadership? And this is my question to the United States, both to the parties and to society; to both Democrats and Republicans; to the Congress and to the President. It is time to be one hundred percent influential. We can defeat tyranny. Indeed, every one of us – every one – is the leader of our time. We can reliably defend freedom. We can stop blackmail by a person who has no place on our list at all. If we are up to it, then we must do it. Because influence obliges us to do so. Thank you! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine