1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032951/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=136 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The day will definitely come when the Ukrainian flag will be on par with all flags of the EU member states - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 January 2023 - 22:07 Today, I continued phone talks with the leaders of the partner-states. Two more European countries whose voice is extremely important for Ukraine are Cyprus and Luxembourg. Roman Mashovets discussed key areas of security cooperation with the Chancellor of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia 12 January 2023 - 21:13 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with the delegation of the Republic of Estonia headed by Chancellor of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Jonatan Vseviov and discussed the situation against the backdrop of the Russian aggression and the ways of development of Ukrainian-Estonian cooperation in this regard. Andriy Yermak met with the Italian delegation headed by Minister of Enterprises and Production Adolfo Urso 12 January 2023 - 19:58 Andriy Yermak thanked the new government of Italy and, in particular, Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni for the strong support of Ukraine. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Speaker of the Saeima of the Republic of Latvia 12 January 2023 - 19:19 The Head of State noted the importance of political, defense and financial assistance to Ukraine from Latvia against the background of the full-scale war with Russia. Andriy Smyrnov discussed the roadmap of judicial reform in Ukraine with diplomatic representatives of G7 and EU countries 12 January 2023 - 17:27 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting with the heads and representatives of the embassies of the Group of Seven (G7) and the EU states in Ukraine, which was devoted to the assessment of the current state and further steps in the judicial reform in Ukraine. President held a regular meeting of the Staff 12 January 2023 - 17:06 Reports on the current situation on the main directions of the front and possible actions of the enemy were heard. Separately, the participants focused on the situation in the hottest areas - in Bakhmut and Soledar. The importance of prompt and uninterrupted provision of the units defending this area with all necessary means and ammunition was emphasized. Ukraine expects a joint decision of partners on the transfer of modern tanks - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 January 2023 - 19:48 Ukraine expects a joint decision of the partner countries on the transfer of modern tanks to strengthen the Armed Forces of Ukraine after the adoption of the relevant important decision by Poland. It was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with the leaders of Poland and Lithuania in the format of the Lublin Triangle in Lviv. Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania together will go all the way to restore security of our state and the whole of Europe - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 January 2023 - 19:02 Russian aggression will be depleted only when Russian ambitions have no other alternative except for the defeat. All Russian ambitions - on the front, in politics, in economy, in the legal sphere. Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Andrzej Duda and Gitanas Nausėda held a meeting in the format of the Lublin Triangle in Lviv 11 January 2023 - 18:14 The main attention was paid to security issues. The leaders had thoroughly discussed the supply of weapons to Ukraine and concrete opportunities to limit the potential of Russian aggression. Joint declaration of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda and President of Poland Andrzej Duda following the Second Summit of the Lublin Triangle 11 January 2023 - 18:07 The leaders of the Lublin Triangle reaffirm their readiness to further strengthen Ukraine's defense capabilities. 1 2 ... 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine