1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224055357/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=74 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of Estonia 31 March 2021 - 18:18 The parties focused on countering the spread of the coronavirus pandemic and ensuring a proper vaccination procedure, which is currently underway in both Ukraine and Estonia. The interlocutors stressed the importance of ensuring proper access of countries to certified vaccines. President commends parliamentary approval of important laws on digital passports, support for entrepreneurs, stimulation of income de-shadowing, funding of the Ministry of Agrarian Policy 30 March 2021 - 19:10 The Verkhovna Rada held a successful and productive extraordinary session, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. In particular, he noted that the parliament had approved a number of important bills needed by Ukrainian citizens and businesses. Communiqué on the International Pandemic Treaty 30 March 2021 - 08:55 Today, we hold the same hope that as we fight to overcome the COVID-19 pandemic together, we can build a more robust international health architecture that will protect future generations. Ukraine needs to develop a system of "vaccination passports" and increase collective immunity from COVID-19 - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 March 2021 - 13:46 The supply of vaccines against COVID-19 and the possibility of introducing "vaccination passports" were discussed at a conference call on preventing the spread of coronavirus, which took place under the chairmanship of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President urged politicians not to discredit the vaccination process because of ambitions 27 March 2021 - 14:45 Last week, Ukraine received 215,000 doses of COVID-19 vaccine from Chinese manufacturer Sinovac Biotech and expects the next batch in the coming weeks. This was announced by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. In addition, according to him, almost 50 million people in India and Europe have been vaccinated with CoviShield from AstraZeneca, which eloquently demonstrates the recognition of its safety and quality. Persons appointed by Yanukovych to the Constitutional Court may have a well deserved rest - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 March 2021 - 13:32 Based on the results of the audit of the decrees of Viktor Yanukovych conducted in pursuance of the decision of the National Security and Defense Council, the 2013 decrees on the appointment of Oleksandr Tupytsky and Oleksandr Kasminin as judges of the Constitutional Court of Ukraine were revoked. This was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The XXIX meeting of the Advisory Committee of the Presidents of Ukraine and Poland will take place on March 29 26 March 2021 - 11:00 The XXIX meeting of the Advisory Committee of the Presidents of Ukraine and the Republic of Poland will take place on March 29 in the format of a video conference. From the first days of Russian aggression, the National Guard has been at the epicenter of the struggle for Ukraine's independence - congratulations of the President on National Guard Day 26 March 2021 - 10:01 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated servicemen and veterans of the National Guard of Ukraine on the seventh anniversary of the establishment of this military formation with law enforcement functions. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Vasyl Virastyuk discussed the course of vaccination in the Ivano-Frankivsk region and assistance to local small businesses during quarantine 25 March 2021 - 20:11 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the course of COVID-19 vaccination and the readiness of the medical system in the Ivano-Frankivsk region. The meeting was attended by Head of the Ivano-Frankivsk Regional State Administration Andriy Boychuk, Head of the the Nadvirna United Territorial Community Zinoviy Andriyovych and public figure Vasyl Virastyuk, who is a candidate in the 87th single-member district. President congratulated the employees and veterans of the Security Service on their professional holiday 25 March 2021 - 13:01 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated the employees and veterans of the Security Service of Ukraine on their professional holiday and the 29th anniversary of the Security Service of Ukraine. 1 2 ... 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine