4 captures 19 Mar 2023 - 03 Oct 2023 Feb MAR Apr 19 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230319160320/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-mayemo-pracyuvati-nad-reformoyu-shkilnogo-har-81069 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos When Ukraine defends itself, when the power of justice are restored on our land, it will guarantee peace for many other parts of the world as well – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2023 - 21:26 View all videos n latest news When Ukraine defends itself, when the power of justice are restored on our land, it will guarantee peace for many other parts of the world as well – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2023 - 21:24 Sanctions against Russia are working, but there are opportunities to toughen them – study conducted by Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group jointly with KSE experts 18 March 2023 - 17:59 Representatives of Ukraine and the United States discussed repelling aggression 18 March 2023 - 00:05 Today, our youth have huge opportunities to declare themselves and do a lot for Ukraine in the world – Andriy Yermak at a meeting with students of the Institute of International Relations 17 March 2023 - 21:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska: We need to work twice as hard on school food reform to compensate for year stolen by war 17 February 2023 - 19:28 First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in a working meeting entitled: "School Food Reform: Priority Areas of Development in the Conditions of War and Post-War Recovery of Ukraine." The meeting was held to discuss the results of the recent strategic session and the next stages of the reform, in particular, the presentation of the draft strategy for reforming the school food system for 2023-2027 and consideration of priority projects for the current year. The event was attended by: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Swiss Confederation to Ukraine Claude Wild, UNICEF Representative in Ukraine Murat Sahin, First Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yulia Svyrydenko, Deputy Prime Minister for the Reconstruction of Ukraine, Minister of Communities, Territories and Infrastructure Development Oleksandr Kubrakov, Minister of Health Viktor Liashko, Minister of Agrarian Policy and Food Mykola Solsky, Minister of Education and Science Serhiy Shkarlet, Head of the Antimonopoly Committee of Ukraine Olha Pischanska, representatives of the Ministry of Communities, Territories and Infrastructure Development of Ukraine, State Service of Ukraine on Food Safety and Consumer Protection, Antimonopoly Committee, SOE Prozorro, and the Swiss-Ukrainian DECIDE project. "War should not be an excuse. After all, despite the war, children study, and teachers work – sometimes in extreme conditions. It's a distinct form of heroism. Therefore, it's time for the reform to return to support the educational front. In addition, we made too much effort in the past to not bring the case to the end now," the President's wife said, opening the meeting. The strategy for reforming the school food system for 2023-2027, which was discussed by the participants, includes five main areas: • Development of personnel potential. • Restoration and modernization of food blocks in educational institutions. • Financial support of territorial communities in providing food for pupils/students of educational institutions. • Healthy food in educational institutions (the implementation of new standards and menus). • Promotion of a healthy food culture during the war. An analysis of the impact of full-scale armed aggression on the school food system was presented at the meeting. According to the state scientific institution "Institute of Educational Analytics," in the 2022/2023 academic year, 12,926 general secondary education institutions operate. Of these, 8,726, or 67.5%, operate food units. Almost 8,000 schools (61%) took part in the survey. Out of them, in 301 institutions, the premises of the food unit were damaged or destroyed in hostilities; 232 institutions lost their equipment due to hostilities and/or occupation. Among the biggest problems of educational institutions are outdated or insufficient equipment, dishes and furniture, air alerts and power outages, lack of premises and an urgent need for repair work, insufficient funding, in particular, to meet food standards, as well as the impossibility of organizing food in conditions of martial law. "Currently, almost 9,000 schools continue the face-to-face and mixed educational process, and therefore they must not only provide our children with healthy food but also cultivate the habit of proper nutrition. We are trying to adapt menus and technological cooking processes in schools to the challenges of wartime. Despite the military aggression of the Russian Federation, the active development of personnel potential continues, training programs and trainings for cooks are being implemented. The Znaimo portal is being actively developed. The launch of a kitchen factory in Bucha is planned. We do not stand still and constantly work to ensure a good, and most importantly, healthy and safe future for our children," Shkarlet said, delivering his speech at the meeting. After the analysis and discussions, the school nutrition reform team shaped the following vision for 2027: diverse, balanced and high-quality nutrition in educational institutions; taking into account the nutritional needs of vulnerable segments of the population (student families, internally displaced persons, etc.) and forming an understanding of the dependence of health and psychological state on quality nutrition in society. Four main strategic goals have been identified: 1. Customers must obtain sufficient financial resources for procurement and carry them out easily and efficiently. 2. In the restored and modernized food units of educational institutions, the latest technological processes should be used, energy efficiency indicators should be improved, and the HACCP system requirements should be observed. 3. Education management bodies in territorial communities and educational institutions should form a sufficient staff of qualified employees who organize high-quality and safe food and promote the development of healthy eating habits among students. 4. Ukrainians should come to a conscious choice of healthy food. As part of developing personnel potential, an initiative to prepare trainers to improve the qualifications of cooks in school canteens was implemented in 2022. Some 87 employees of the vocational school took part in the project to prepare trainers who in the future will be able to improve the qualifications of school canteen cooks. As a result, the educational training program for school nutrition reform trainers was developed. This year, the "Cooking Hubs" project was launched to create three centers for professional development and improvement of school canteen cooks based on vocational education institutions in Poltava, Ternopil, and Sumy regions; the training of 60 trainers is being organized to conduct training courses for school canteen cooks in the pilot regions, and a set of educational and methodical materials is being developed for food unit workers. The partners of this project are the National Foodservice Association, the CultFood team headed by Yevhen Klopotenko, Ministry of Education and Science, and the Embassy of Switzerland. The plans include the scaling of cooking hubs throughout the country, training more than 500 trainers, updating the set of educational and methodical materials for workers of food units, pedagogical workers by "cook," "school food cook" professions. Motivated and professional doctors, nutritionists, and workers of food units should work in educational institutions. The President's wife thanked the participants of the meeting and said this year we need to work twice as hard on the school food reform to compensate for the year stolen by the war. "During this year, we learned to care more about each other and take even more responsibility for those around us. It would be wonderful if educational institutions would become – and are already becoming – centers and examples of such care," Zelenska said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine