8 captures 26 Mar 2024 - 13 Nov 2025 Feb MAR Apr 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240326053507/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-spilnij-iftar-iz-predstavnikami-musulm-89849 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Now it is extremely important to take care of those who need support; do not leave people alone with their difficulties – address by the President of Ukraine 25 March 2024 - 22:54 View all videos n latest news Now it is extremely important to take care of those who need support; do not leave people alone with their difficulties – address by the President of Ukraine 25 March 2024 - 22:51 President held a joint iftar with representatives of the Muslim community of Ukraine and awarded Ukrainian Muslim warriors 25 March 2024 - 21:29 President on the occasion of the 32nd anniversary of the Security Service: Over the years of war, the SSU has become a combat-ready and efficient special service that Ukraine needs 25 March 2024 - 15:05 President of Ukraine had a phone call with Prime Minister of Spain 24 March 2024 - 21:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President takes part in iftar 25 March 2024 - 20:58 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President held a joint iftar with representatives of the Muslim community of Ukraine and awarded Ukrainian Muslim warriors 25 March 2024 - 21:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, along with the Ukrainian military, who profess Islam, leaders of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar people, and representatives of the Muslim community and clergy, took part in an iftar – a dinner held during the holy month of Ramadan. The event took place on the territory of the Religious Administration of Muslims of Crimea and was a continuation of the tradition of holding an iftar, launched at the state level by the President of Ukraine in 2023. "Last year we initiated a new tradition – to celebrate the holy Ramadan together. The political leadership of our country, the military command, representatives of the Ukrainian Muslim community, the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar people, and the diplomatic corps – all together. I am very glad that we are here today in the same composition. Unity is always important, especially when life is overshadowed by war and the strikes of evil," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Head of State expressed gratitude to all those present, to those who fight, work for Ukraine, who help our country and do not obey evil. "I would like to recognize Muslim warriors – all those who are part of the Defense and Security Forces of Ukraine defending our country, our freedom. I thank each of our warriors for their bravery. I thank everyone who brings the liberation of our entire land and our Crimea closer," the President emphasized. Ukrainian Muslim servicemen who are currently defending our country in the Armed Forces of Ukraine also shared the iftar with Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The President presented the Orders of Bohdan Khmelnytsky, III class, and the Orders "For Courage", III class, to intelligence officers, artillerymen, machine gunners, and servicement of assault forces who showed courage and selflessness in the defense of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also noted all those who find opportunities to take care of our citizens in the occupied territory of Ukraine: children, elderly people who need support. "I am also grateful to all those who help our country return deported children abducted by Russia and adults to Ukraine. These are thousands of lives. We must save them all. Every leader whose mediation returns our children from deportation and saves adults from Russian repressions deserves global gratitude," the Head of State noted. The President of Ukraine wished peace and tranquility to those peoples who are deprived of normal life and security due to hostilities: people in Syria, Gaza, Libya, Sudan. "In Ukraine, we wish everyone who values life real protection. We wish a just peace to all nations whose homes are being destroyed by war. We wish justice to our state of Ukraine and all other nations. May this time of Ramadan support all of us – our people and our country. And may our unity remain firm," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The leader of the Crimean Tatar people Mustafa Dzhemilev expressed his gratitude to the President of Ukraine, all those present, as well as to all the warriors who are defending our country with weapons in their hands. "You are now fulfilling not only your civil but also your religious duty. After all, according to the principles of Islam, war for one's Homeland is a duty for every Muslim," he said. The leader of the Crimean Tatar people expressed his belief that the punishment for all the evil done will definitely return to those who are guilty of this war. At the same time, Mustafa Dzhemilev thanked all the countries of the world that help to protect the Ukrainian people today. He wished that the holy month of Ramadan would become another occasion for greater consolidation of the entire Ukrainian people to defeat the enemy. The iftar was also attended by: Chairman of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar People Refat Chubarov and other members of the Mejlis, Permanent Representative of the President of Ukraine in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea Tamila Tasheva, Mufti of the Religious Administration of Muslims of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea Sheikh Ayder Rustamov, Deputy Mufti of the Religious Administration of Muslims of Ukraine "Ummah" Mamet Mamutov, Chief Ombudsman of the Republic of Türkiye Şeref Malkoç, Secretary General of GUAM Altai Efendiev, Ambassadors of Türkiye, Turkmenistan, Palestine, Uzbekistan, Egypt, Libya, Pakistan, Indonesia, South Africa to Ukraine, representatives of diplomatic missions of Azerbaijan, Algeria, Sudan, Qatar, Iraq, Kyrgyzstan accredited in Ukraine, cultural and public figures. Ukraine's Defense Minister Rustem Umerov emphasized that thousands of Muslims are fighting in the ranks of the Ukrainian Armed Forces, and this is the third Ramadan since the beginning of the full-scale invasion, which they are spending in the trenches, protecting the future of our country. "We are very grateful to our warriors who are jointly pushing the enemy out of our land, defending justice and peace. Our prayers are with those who died for a free Ukraine. I ask the Almighty to grant us victory over the occupier as soon as possible. So that we liberate our Homeland and our people as soon as possible and ensure the rule of law for all our fellow citizens from Yalta to Chernihiv, from Luhansk to Uzhhorod," Rustem Umerov emphasized. Mufti of the Religious Administration of Muslims of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea Ayder Rustamov recited the iftar prayer, which symbolizes the end of the fast on this day. The President of Ukraine also visited the exhibition "Qurans that Survived Deportation", which features copies of books published in Crimea and beyond. The oldest edition of the Quran presented was published in the late XIX century. Some of the books were carried by people during the deportation, and later their children returned them to their homeland. The Head of State also watched the portraits of the military – Crimean Tatars and Ukrainians who profess Islam and come from Crimea – with the stories of their families and motivation to fight for the territorial integrity of Ukraine today. In addition, the exhibition features portraits of Muslim warriors of various nationalities who are citizens of Ukraine and are fighting at the front, defending our country. The event was organized by the Mission of the President of Ukraine in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the Religious Administration of Muslims of Crimea together with the Crimean Tatar community of Kyiv. v Videos ph President takes part in iftar 25 March 2024 - 20:58 ph President takes part in iftar 25 March 2024 - 20:58 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine