15 captures 15 Apr 2023 - 14 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 15 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230415105705/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/gotuyemo-hlopciv-i-duzhe-chekayemo-postachannya-zbroyi-obicy-82257 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every meter of Ukrainian land must mean the inevitability of Russia's defeat in this war for the occupier – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 April 2023 - 19:35 View all videos n latest news Presidium of Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under President chaired by Andriy Yermak discuss preparations for international summit of communities and regions 15 April 2023 - 11:51 Head of President's Office meets with UK Ambassador to Ukraine 14 April 2023 - 20:12 Every meter of Ukrainian land must mean the inevitability of Russia's defeat in this war for the occupier – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 April 2023 - 19:34 Ihor Zhovkva discusses possibilities of further support for Ukraine with diplomatic advisors of heads of governments of Northern Europe 14 April 2023 - 18:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Employee of the Defense and Industrial Complex of Ukraine 13 April 2023 - 17:05 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are preparing the guys and we are looking forward to the supply of weapons promised by our partners - address by the President of Ukraine 13 April 2023 - 18:59 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! A brief report on the day. First. I held a meeting of the Military Cabinet, a special format of work with the leaders of our defense sector, our commanders, intelligence, and the Office. Only what is directly necessary for frontline management and provision of active actions of Ukraine, protection of our state from Russian terror. It was meaningful. And our actions will be powerful. We are preparing the guys. And we are very much looking forward to the delivery of weapons promised by our partners. We are bringing the victory as close as possible. And we’re ensuring the spirit of unity to the maximum. Efficiency - to the maximum. Preparation - also to the maximum. Second. Defense industrial complex. Today, in the Mariyinsky Palace, where we always honor those who have done the most for the Ukrainian state, the day of employees of our defense industry was celebrated for the first time. It is quite unfair that until now there was no such special day in Ukraine when it would be possible to honor the work of all those who create Ukrainian weapons, Ukrainian shells, and Ukrainian equipment. Who also create our missiles, which showed themselves so vividly in the waters of the Black Sea on this day a year ago, April 13, when the sea route of the Russian Black Sea flagship stopped. These are the people who create our guns - 155 millimeters, which are currently on the battlefield and about which we hear only positive feedback from our soldiers and... it is clear what the "feedback" of the occupier is. Of course, it is still impossible to tell most of the positive things that have been achieved regarding our weapons and our own Ukrainian shells not only during the full-scale war, but also in the years before it. But our entire state, the entire society, has much to be grateful for to those professionals who protect and develop our defense-industrial complex. Who are capable of producing everything for Ukraine - from shells to missiles, from artillery to drones. The day before, I signed a decree on the establishment of the Day of Defense Industrial Complex Employee in Ukraine. Exactly on this day of "Neptune" when our missiles hit "Moskva". But we are also grateful for the rockets and dozens of other types of weapons, equipment and shells supplied for the defense. I had the honor of awarding representatives of the industry. And I am sure that the Ukrainian defense industry will always develop exactly as it has been developing for several years - in constant growth, in the constant expansion of the range of products and opportunities of the industry. The third thing that is important for today. European integration. I held a meeting with government officials and representatives of the Verkhovna Rada regarding some of our steps on rapprochement with the European Union, legislative steps, implementation of the adopted changes. The goal of our state is absolutely achievable. Ukraine will be integrated with all institutions and practices of the European Union, and will acquire full membership. We are fully prepared. And one more thing. I signed decrees on awarding our warriors. Four decrees. 349 servicemen were awarded state awards. Among them are 45 warriors of the Air Forces, 152 warriors of the airborne assault troops, and 152 warriors of the Ground Forces. Today I want to especially celebrate our warriors who are fighting in the Donetsk region as part of General Tarnavskyi's "Tavria" operational and strategic group of troops. In particular, marines of the 35th separate brigade and artillerymen of the 55th separate brigade. As always, you are productive, guys! Thank you! Thank you to the fighters of General Moskalyov's "Odesa" operational and strategic group of troops - the 63rd separate mechanized brigade, which powerfully beats the occupiers for hitting our cities and villages in the southern direction. And I will also note today the warriors of the 126th separate brigade of the territorial defense forces - aerial reconnaissance. Thank you, guys, for the attentiveness that becomes the accuracy of our artillery. The enemy will certainly suffer losses in response to every strike against the Ukrainians. Glory to all who are now fighting for Ukraine! I thank everyone who works for our defense and victory! Thanks to everyone who helps! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine