6 captures 09 Jan 2024 - 17 Nov 2025 Dec JAN Feb 09 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240109122929/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-derzhavnim-sekretar-88125 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Terrorist must pay the most for the damage caused by terror, and Russia will pay – address by the President of Ukraine 8 January 2024 - 19:50 View all videos n latest news Head of the President's Office held the second meeting of the working group on the implementation of the security clause of the Peace Formula 9 January 2024 - 09:01 Andriy Yermak and Margot Wallström held the fifth meeting of the International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War 8 January 2024 - 21:38 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the Advisor to the President of Brazil 8 January 2024 - 20:19 Terrorist must pay the most for the damage caused by terror, and Russia will pay – address by the President of Ukraine 8 January 2024 - 19:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Liberation of 230 Ukrainian warriors and civilians from Russian captivity 3 January 2024 - 21:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the Cardinal Secretary of State of the Holy See 8 January 2024 - 14:26 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Cardinal Secretary of State of the Holy See Pietro Parolin. Andriy Yermak congratulated Cardinal Pietro Parolin on being honored with the high state award of Ukraine – the Order of Merit, II class. "The recent awarding of Your Eminence with a high state decoration confirms your personal significant contribution to Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity," the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. The parties discussed the consequences of the recent massive missile attacks on Ukrainian populated areas carried out by the aggressor, in particular, on December 29, as well as January 2 and 8. "Russia continues to destroy civilian infrastructure and homes of Ukrainians. But despite these challenges, we continue to work and fight. Our morale is very strong and we believe in our victory," he said. Andriy Yermak and Pietro Parolin discussed the Vatican's involvement in the implementation of the humanitarian aspects of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, in particular the Bring Kids Back UA initiative to return illegally deported Ukrainian children. The parties also discussed preparations for the next meeting of national security advisors and political advisors to the heads of state on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula to be held in Davos, and, in particular, the participation of a representative of the Holy See in it. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine