1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033129/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=83 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The invader will definitely not succeed in taking away our peace, which is a natural part of the Ukrainian character - address by the President of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 16:31 The day will surely come when Ukrainian border control for passengers at the international airports of our Donetsk and Simferopol will once again be quite commonplace. President of Ukraine had a conversation with President of France 30 April 2023 - 16:01 In the framework of the continued dialogue, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meaningful conversation with President of the French Republic Emmanuel Macron that lasted more than an hour. President on the Day of Border Guards: Heroism, reliability and resilience of border guard troops will make a powerful contribution to the restoration of the state border of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 15:09 On Sunday, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in events on the occasion of the Day of the Border Guard of Ukraine and presented state awards. Not enough that Russia is weak, it must be held accountable for everything it has done – address of President of Ukraine 29 April 2023 - 20:42 We are preparing several important, potent steps to further consolidate partners and provide more energy to creating a tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression. And to speed up the defeat of the terrorist state. Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds meeting with management, investors of Horizon Capital, raising over $250 million for investment in Ukraine 29 April 2023 - 15:20 Horizon Capital representatives announced raising $254 million for its new Horizon Capital Growth Fund IV (HCGF IV). The fund will invest in Ukrainian companies. The Head of State thanked those present for participating in the fund and investing in Ukraine. We can stop terror and save people only with a sufficient number of high-quality weapons – address of President of Ukraine 28 April 2023 - 21:51 Air defense, modern aircraft, without which there is no fully effective air defense. Artillery, armored vehicles. All that is necessary to provide security to our cities, our villages, both in the rear and on the front lines. Daria Herasymchuk speaks about abduction of Ukrainian children by Russia at UN Security Council's special meeting 28 April 2023 - 20:40 Daria Herasymchuk, an advisor to the President of Ukraine for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation, informed about the deportation and forced relocation of Ukrainian children by Russia since the beginning of the full-scale invasion at an Arria-formula meeting of the UN Security Council via video link. With President of China, implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula, return of deported children from Russia, inadmissibility of supplying weapons to Russia were discussed – President of Ukraine 28 April 2023 - 19:45 The Head of State said that during the phone talk, the need to restore the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine within the borders of 1991 and the importance of observing the UN Charter were discussed. There can be no defense taboos in security assistance to Ukraine – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after a meeting with leaders of the Czech Republic and Slovakia 28 April 2023 - 18:58 Today, there cannot be any artificial restrictions on defense assistance to Ukraine, and ambitious decisions that will strengthen the common European security are needed. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the negotiations with President of the Czech Republic Petr Pavel and President of the Slovak Republic Zuzana Čaputová in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds phone talk with President of European Council 28 April 2023 - 18:32 The leaders of Ukraine and the EU discussed in detail the situation around the ban on the import of Ukrainian agricultural products by certain neighboring states. 1 2 ... 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine