14 captures 28 Sep 2023 - 19 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230928225201/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/lishe-pitannya-chasu-koli-ukrayina-de-yure-stane-chlenom-nat-85937 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will do everything to ensure the safety of Ukraine and the entire Europe from Russian nuclear blackmail – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 September 2023 - 21:33 View all videos n latest news We will do everything to ensure the safety of Ukraine and the entire Europe from Russian nuclear blackmail – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 September 2023 - 21:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Minister of the Armed Forces of France 28 September 2023 - 18:17 It is only a matter of time before Ukraine becomes a de jure member of NATO – Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Jens Stoltenberg in Kyiv 28 September 2023 - 14:48 Olena Zelenska in an interview with CBS: It's not enough for the world to be aware of the violence of Russians against Ukrainian children – criminals must be punished 28 September 2023 - 13:12 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with NATO Secretary General in Kyiv 28 September 2023 - 13:46 Go to all galleries Home News Current events It is only a matter of time before Ukraine becomes a de jure member of NATO – Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Jens Stoltenberg in Kyiv 28 September 2023 - 14:48 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, who arrived in Ukraine on a visit. "I am pleased to welcome the NATO Secretary General to Ukraine, and I am glad to have a meaningful conversation with him. Today it is already a conversation between de facto allies and it is only a matter of time before Ukraine becomes a de jure member of the Alliance. We are doing everything to make it happen sooner," the Head of State said while speaking to the media following the negotiations with Jens Stoltenberg in Kyiv. The President praised the results of Ukraine's cooperation with NATO, which has enabled the creation of defense coalitions. He believes our country's membership in the Alliance will be completely natural and will reinforce both Ukraine and NATO. "Today, Mr. Secretary General and I discussed all the key defense issues that require attention: the real situation on the battlefield and the needs of Ukrainian warriors. I am confident that we are capable of exerting further pressure on the aggressor so that Russia would only retreat and lose. And this is the right tactic," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. During the meeting, the parties discussed defense against Russian terror, stepping up pressure on Russia, and bolstering Ukraine's sky shield. In particular, they considered the possibility of supplying additional air defense systems by NATO member states. "The Secretary General has committed to make personal efforts to support us, to rally the Allies behind this very purpose. We need to come through this winter together, protect our energy infrastructure and people's lives," the President noted. The parties also discussed further work on the rapprochement between Ukraine and NATO. According to the Head of State, the new format of cooperation – the NATO-Ukraine Council – launched at the Vilnius Summit is to ensure our country's movement towards the Alliance and practical interaction. "Jointly with NATO, we are drawing up a new document – an adapted Annual National Program, which will determine practical steps to ensure Ukraine's compliance with the principles and standards of the Alliance," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Separately, the President of Ukraine and the NATO Secretary General discussed the NATO Summit to be held next year in Washington. The parties agreed that the summit should be productive for Ukraine and NATO. "To this end, our teams will immediately start preparing relevant joint actions," the Head of State emphasized. Jens Stoltenberg, for his part, noted that Ukraine enjoys robust support from all NATO member states. According to him, the Allies will continue to provide Ukraine with the most advanced means to repel Russian invasion, including tanks, modern air defense systems, and will train pilots for F-16 aircraft. "The stronger Ukraine becomes, the closer we will get to ending Russian aggression," the Secretary General emphasized. "NATO will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes," Jens Stoltenberg added. v Videos ph Meeting with NATO Secretary General in Kyiv 28 September 2023 - 13:46 ph Meeting with NATO Secretary General in Kyiv 28 September 2023 - 13:46 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine