Events Working trip to Mariupol Vladimir Putin visited Mariupol, inspected the progress in city restoration and improvement works, and spoke with local residents. March 19, 2023 06:05 Mariupol The President flew to Mariupol by helicopter. He drove around several areas of the city and made several stops. The President was accompanied by Deputy Prime Minister Marat Khusnullin Khusnullin Marat Deputy Prime Minister , who reported on the progress of construction and restoration work in the city and suburbs. Specifically, the deputy prime minister informed the President about plans to rebuild Mariupol airport, about the housing and road construction programmes, general territory improvement, and renovation of damaged buildings. He also reported on relaunching the damaged heating supply facilities, upgrading heating networks, building and renovating social infrastructure, including hospitals, schools and kindergartens. Other projects he spoke about included the opening of an Emergencies Ministry rescue centre and preparation for the next academic year at the higher education institutions in the city. In the Nevsky District, Vladimir Putin spoke with Mariupol residents, who raised such issues as wage violations and delays in granting Russian citizenship and issuing Russian passports. A family invited the President to visit their flat. The President also visited the philharmonic, where he toured the renovated central foyer and concert hall. He also stopped by the waterfront near a local yacht club, and saw several city landmarks. Vladimir Putin also visited the command and control centre of the special military operation in Rostov-on-Don. The Supreme Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Armed Forces held a meeting, received reports from Chief of the General Staff and First Deputy Minister of Defence Valery Gerasimov Gerasimov Valery Chief of the General Staff of Russia’s Armed Forces – First Deputy Minister of Defence and several military commanders. The President also had a one-on-one meeting with Valery Gerasimov. Geography Donetsk People’s Republic Rostov Region Topics Armed Forces Construction industry Regions Persons Gerasimov Valery Khusnullin Marat Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: March 19, 2023, 06:05 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70742 Text version