Events Meeting with trusted representatives Vladimir Putin met with trusted representatives, who supported him during the Russian presidential elections, in the St Andrew Hall of the Grand Kremlin Palace. March 20, 2024 13:05 The Kremlin, Moscow The list of Vladimir Putin’s authorised representatives included 544 people, specifically, political and public activists, cultural figures, artists, academics and athletes. * * * Excerpts from the transcript of Vladimir Putin's meeting with his trusted representatives President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Dear friends, I requested this meeting in order to thank you for our joint work during the election campaign. We met on January 31 when the campaign was just beginning, and now, we can see its results. All of us should once again thank the voters, citizens of Russia, for the trust they have placed in us. I am talking about all of us because we all set forth our common national development programme. Many of you worked in very difficult conditions, including our border territories where neo-Nazis are shelling peaceful cities and the civilian infrastructure. In Donbass and Novorossiya, a special character was required, courage and personal heroism (I would not shy away from using this word) . Thank you very much for your work. Of course, after events like this and after such a result, which highlights the great confidence that Russian citizens have in our work and, most importantly, with regard to our stated plans, we are faced, above all, with a really substantial responsibility. You know, the feeling of responsibility, rather than anxiety, increases dramatically. This is because, of course, people are expecting the implementation of our stated objectives and action on the priorities outlined in our plans. One way or another, the Presidential Address to the Federal Assembly sets forth all these plans. Of course, you probably know all about these, at least the main provisions. What is most important is that these ambitious and well-thought-out provisions will receive the required funding. What matters is that we join hands… Why should we act jointly? Because those present here have independently achieved major results in their respective lifetime careers. I hope very much that together, we will embark on this path of creating and building all the components of a new Russia, including the economy, defence capability, art, domestic policy, the development of our state and its institutions. In short, this means across the board so that we can make our country, our Motherland and Russia even stronger, even more attractive and more effective. We have everything we need for this but most importantly, we have the will of the Russian people. The people expressed their will quite clearly during the election campaign and with its results. We have the resources we need. We have proper globally recognised practices. Of course, there is a lot to do in every area we identified as priorities for the Motherland’s development. I really count on your creative work and initiative because even development areas that are carefully thought-out and well-funded still require a creative approach and personal commitment from everybody who works for the good of the Motherland and to achieve results that will help us get closer to achieving the national development goals. I believe that all these things together constitute our lifetime goal. I am saying this once again without exaggeration, because every person present here has done a great deal in terms of their personal and professional service to the Fatherland. When we say “serving the Fatherland,” above all and especially now, during this period in our history, we think of our fighters and our heroes fighting at the contact line, protecting and defending the interests of our nation with weapons. The same is true for all the other areas. I have just listed them so I will not repeat myself. The outcome for the country as a whole will depend on the results of every single person. This is, essentially, what I wanted to say. The main purpose of this meeting was to thank you. Thank you very much for your support. I wish you success in your lives and your work. There is one more aspect I wanted to mention. The election campaign office received more than 80,000 messages. It is estimated that around 40 percent of the messages were simply words of support for the candidate that people decided to vote for, and I am very grateful to them. The other 60 percent were specific suggestions concerning our work and further action. I know that many of you have spoken to the public and heard people’s suggestions on what they would like us to achieve in the next six years. Please, as far as possible, summarise the feedback you received from people. I have said this many times and we are all well aware of it: this feedback from the public is a very important process of creative work. Only by keeping a finger on the pulse of society will we be able to make timely adjustments to the major plans outlined in the Address to the Federal Assembly. And it is the only way we can achieve the final result. So, I suggest you summarise everything you hear from people and everything you find important during these contacts. You and the Russian Popular Front should take action on this feedback. For my part, I promise that all the executive bodies will focus on this work. Certainly, I will also forward these suggestions to State Duma deputies. Yesterday I met with leaders of parliamentary parties. Everybody is committed to constructive work together. Finally, I want to express my gratitude once again. Thank you so much for your support. <…> Vladimir Putin (responding to remarks by Head of the Department on Cooperation between the Regions of the Defenders of the Fatherland State Foundation Maria Kostyuk, mother of Hero of Russia (posthumously) Andrei Kovtun) : Thank you very much. I will not go over everything now, but thank you for the most important thing that you did and for your current work which enjoys high demand. When we were creating this entity, the Defenders of the Fatherland Foundation, we said our goal was to reach every family. Of course, this is the overarching goal. Overall, though, I see that you are moving towards this end. I wish you success. Thank you very much. <…> Vladimir Putin (commenting on remarks by Dmitry Pekurovsky, chairman of the Russian Union of Rural Youth) : Mr Pekurovsky, this event is taking place in the palatial Kremlin halls which is fitting for its importance. But we must never forget about the importance of rural areas and the people who work there. We take pride in the incredible success of the people who work in agriculture. I am not going to list the figures now, but 20 or so years ago we could not even imagine that our agricultural exports would be multiple times higher than our exports of armaments. It never even occurred to anyone. When we started exporting grain we ran into a problem. Our ports were designed to receive grain, not to ship it. It was a technical problem. Now, we are the world’s number one wheat exporter. The agricultural industry is becoming an increasingly high-tech and modern sector. It is easy to say that in a festive setting. However, life expectancy in rural areas is lower than the national average. Thankfully, it is growing and has reached 73 years on average, but it is still lower in rural areas. Social amenities are more modest. There is much more I can add to this “but,” which means there is a lot more to improve in rural areas. Indeed, many programmes are designed to achieve this. The rural mortgage programme remains unchanged, as does the social development programme for rural areas. Speaking of primary care, the bulk of the funds are set aside for rural areas. First, we need to expand this support. Without a doubt, we will do everything to support the agricultural industry and the social sphere. If it is not enough – and it is never enough – we should look at the way the funds are being used and see if they are used effectively. We will improve these mechanisms working as a team with your organisation, among others. Thank you very much. <…> Vladimir Putin (elaborating on remarks by Deputy Director for Research at the RAS Engelhardt Institute of Molecular Biology Anna Kudryavtseva) : I am paraphrasing: at one time Academician Tamm said that the next century would be a century of biology in the same way the 20 th century was a century of physics. That said, the importance of physics has not gone away. However, it is perfectly obvious that biology is becoming no less important in research than physics is. No doubt, the future largely belongs to biology. However, the synergy of all these areas will produce a maximum effect. We are proud of the achievements made by our scientists. Indeed, today we are seeing a considerable rejuvenation of science. There are many researchers under 35, the age when people are at their creative peak. I am hoping that the support measures that the state is offering and using now – I am referring to the mega grants that you are bound to be aware of – are designed to attract our specialists. At one time, they would leave for other countries. They are working there, achieving results and becoming Nobel Prize winners. I know, I have talked to them, I met with them. Many of them return. For some, this temporary job becomes permanent. They create their laboratories here and attract young researchers to them. They are proud of these researchers. You and I are proud of them, too. We are looking forward to your results. For our part, we will do our best to support you. <…> Vladimir Putin (replying to the remarks by Chief Physician of the St Luke of Crimea Crimean District Hospital of Starooskolsk Svetlana Nemtseva. Having spoken about the development of healthcare in the Belgorod Region, she added that the shelling of its residents has failed to achieve the desired effect. Ms Nemtseva emphasised that not a single doctor from Belgorod or other districts subjected to the shelling in the Belgorod Region has left his or her home or job) : Ms Nemtseva, first I would like to express gratitude and admiration to the people of the Belgorod Region and other border areas. I want to express my gratitude for your courage. By all means, we will do our best to support the entrepreneurs who lost their businesses and ordinary people who lost their homes, and much more. I will not list everything there is to it. There is much to do, and we will do everything that depends on us. Of course, security is our primary goal. There are different approaches to it. They are not simple, but we will do it. I have discussed it earlier, and I just do not want to go into details given the occasion. But we will certainly work on it. I also discussed why the enemy was taking such steps. Without a doubt, we can respond in kind and deliver strikes against civilian infrastructure and similar targets. We have our own views and plans in this regard. We will follow the path that we have outlined for ourselves. With regard to the civilian component of what you mentioned – primary care – we are renewing this programme, and adequate resources are being appropriated to this end. There is no doubt that this work will continue with a focus on rural health care and interregional centres. We will equip them properly. A significant number of motor vehicles have been bought. Of course, we will focus on special medical equipment and personnel training. You mentioned raising wages in small towns and rural communities. Things seem to be okay but, on the other hand, there are labour shortages, which means we are not doing enough. Wage increases are modest, but raising the level of compensation in small communities is still the first step to ensure the necessary number of specialists working in rural areas, district hospitals, and other primary care centres. Everything will be gradually done. I said earlier that it would be good if you made a list of your proposals, so that we include them in our specific activities. I heard you say that. Frankly, we are aware of that. But if you have other ideas, please make a list and send it to us, and we will work on it. Thank you very much. <…> Vladimir Putin : Our colleagues – if you will allow me to call you that – who spoke here talked about anticipated victories and congratulated me on winning the election. Winning the election is just the prologue to the victories that Russia needs so much and that are sure to come. Thank you very much. Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: March 20, 2024, 13:05 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73687 Text version