Events Greetings to the participants in the unveiling of a monument to Prince Alexander Nevsky in Almaty Vladimir Putin sent greetings to the participants in the unveiling of a monument to Prince Alexander Nevsky in Almaty. July 13, 2023 11:00 The message reads, in part: “Congratulations on this major event in the spiritual and cultural life of Kazakhstan and Russia, the opening of a monument to Faithful Saint Prince Alexander Nevsky in Almaty. Centuries pass but the image of this outstanding Russian ruler remains vivid in historical memory. We admire his bravery, wisdom and the selfless feats that he performed for the sake of his native land. We honour him as a protector of faith and people’s unity. Prince Alexander Nevsky was a role model to defenders of the Motherland during the years of harsh ordeals. His legacy as a diplomat and statesperson continues to serve as a strong foundation for building a constructive dialogue between different ethnicities and faiths across Eurasia. I want to note in this context that the unveiling of the monument is taking place as we mark the tenth anniversary of the signing of a foundational document for Russia-Kazakhstan relations, the Agreement Between the Russian Federation and the Republic of Kazakhstan on Good Neighbourly Relations and Alliance in the 21 st Century. It also coincides with the 20 th anniversary of the establishment of the Kazakhstan Metropolitan District. I want to thank everybody whose efforts made this truly festive and memorable event possible. These people include the creators of the monument, representatives of the Russian Orthodox Church, the Russian Military Historical Society, our friends in Kazakhstan and everybody who cares about, sincerely respects and cherishes our common historical legacy. Thank you for your devoted and extremely relevant work.” Geography Kazakhstan Topics Culture Foreign policy Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: July 13, 2023, 11:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71665 Text version