Events Executive Order Approving the Basic Principles of State Policy of the Russian Federation on Nuclear Deterrence Vladimir Putin signed Executive Order Approving the Basic Principles of State Policy of the Russian Federation on Nuclear Deterrence. November 19, 2024 11:10 In order to improve the state policy of the Russian Federation in the sphere of nuclear deterrence, the President signed Executive Order Approving the Basic Principles of State Policy of the Russian Federation on Nuclear Deterrence. Presidential Executive Order No. 355, dated June 2, 2020, Basic Principles of State Policy of the Russian Federation on Nuclear Deterrence, shall be declared to be no longer in force. This Executive Order shall come into effect on the day of its signing. The Basic Principles represent a strategic planning document in the area of ensuring national defence and reflect the official views on the essence of nuclear deterrence, identify military risks and threats to be neutralised by means of nuclear deterrence, outline the principles of nuclear deterrence, and specify the conditions under which the Russian Federation may proceed to use nuclear weapons. The regulatory framework for these Basic Principles includes the Constitution of the Russian Federation, universally recognised principles and norms of international law, international treaties of the Russian Federation, federal constitutional laws, federal laws and other legal acts and documents that regulate defence and security issues. The provisions of these Basic Principles are mandatory for implementation by all federal bodies of state authority and other government bodies and organisations involved in ensuring nuclear deterrence. These Basic Principles may be further specified depending on the external and internal factors that influence defence implementation. Overall guidance of state policy in the area of nuclear deterrence is carried out by the President of the Russian Federation. Topics National security Publication status Published in sections: News , Documents Publication date: November 19, 2024, 11:10 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75598 Text version