Events Greetings on the opening of the 4th International Scientific and Practical Conference Global Biosecurity Challenges: Problems and Solutions Vladimir Putin sent greetings to participants and organisers of the 4 th International Scientific and Practical Conference Global Biosecurity Challenges: Problems and Solutions. June 22, 2023 10:00 The message reads, in part: “It is hard to overestimate the topicality of the issues on the agenda of your conference. In the current complicated international conditions, it is very important to preserve and enhance existing international cooperation mechanisms in the sphere of multilateral cooperation on various biological threats. First of all, this concerns the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on their Destruction that entered into force almost 50 years ago. Unfortunately, nowadays the principles, approved by this fundamental document, are being systemically violated. Moreover, a number of states, striving to take advantage of current international issues in order to ensure their own biosecurity at the expense of others, often oppose useful initiatives aimed at strengthening the relevant non-proliferation regime. Russia consistently advocates efforts to strengthen supranational mechanisms hampering the development of biological and toxin weapons and their proliferation. We assume that it is necessary to facilitate equitable international collaboration for these purposes, and that the sovereignty of all states should invariably be respected. The international community’s expanded collective efforts to combat pandemics is no less important. I would like to confirm the fact that Russian specialists are ready to continue taking an active part in eliminating outbreaks of dangerous infections in various parts of the world. I am confident that this year’s conference, which involves a record-breaking number of participants, will make a weighty contribution to resolving complicated issues linked with ensuring biosecurity.” Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: June 22, 2023, 10:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71487 Text version