Events Meeting with Government members The President held a meeting with Government members via videoconference. July 8, 2022 16:40 The Kremlin, Moscow The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Mishustin Mikhail Prime Minister of the Russian Federation , Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Anton Vaino Vaino Anton Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , First Deputy Prime Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei First Deputy Prime Minister , First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Sergei Kiriyenko Kiriyenko Sergei First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , Deputy Prime Ministers Viktoria Abramchenko Abramchenko Viktoria Deputy Prime Minister , Yury Borisov Borisov Yury Deputy Prime Minister , Tatyana Golikova Golikova Tatyana Deputy Prime Minister , Alexander Novak Novak Alexander Deputy Prime Minister , Alexei Overchuk Overchuk Alexei Deputy Prime Minister , Marat Khusnullin Khusnullin Marat Deputy Prime Minister and Dmitry Chernyshenko Chernyshenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister and Chief of Staff of the Government Executive Office Dmitry Grigorenko Grigorenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff , Deputy Prime Minister and Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District Yury Trutnev Trutnev Yury Deputy Prime Minister – Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District , Presidential Aide Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Aide to the President , Minister of Economic Development Maxim Reshetnikov Reshetnikov Maxim Minister of Economic Development , and Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov Siluanov Anton Finance Minister . A number of ministers, heads of federal departments and other officials were also invited to the meeting. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, colleagues, Our main issue is the current situation in the fuel-and-energy sector and implementation of earlier adopted decisions. But let’s first review the current issues. I would like to ask Mr Kravtsov to report on school leaving exams and preparations for the next academic year. Go ahead, please. Minister of Education Sergei Kravtsov Kravtsov Sergei Minister of Education : Mr President, First, I would like to say that we are fulfilling on time and in full all tasks you set related to the education and upbringing of schoolchildren. No foreign pressure and no sanctions can affect our plans. As for the end of the academic year, the exams took place as planned. Over 724,000 schoolchildren took the uniform state exams in Russia and beyond. There were no serious mishaps or epidemiological complications. Despite continuous hacker attacks, the Uniform State Exam (USE) system was resilient throughout this critical period. There were no problems with processing results – graduates received them on time. I would like to emphasise that the USE results have been stable for several years now. Despite pandemic restrictions and shortcomings of remote education, graduates did well on their exams. In some subjects, the average score was even higher. In social science and history, the results were 3.5 points and 3 points higher, respectively, than last year. Mathematics saw almost a two-point improvement. I would like to add that every year an increasing number of school-leavers choose to study natural sciences, including informatics, biology and chemistry. The growing interest in these sciences can largely be ascribed to the installation of modern equipment at schools and extracurricular education. I want to specially note that we are delivering at an accelerated pace on the task you, Mr President, gave us to rank among the world’s top 10 countries in terms of school education quality. The education standard, which in 2020 was supplemented with specific core content, has turned out to be very helpful. Teachers who rely on federal programmes to train students are showing good results. Last year, on your initiative, a much-needed programme for major school repairs kicked off on an unprecedented scale. Today, 2,200 schools are being repaired, including 1,650 schools – with funds from the federal budget. In keeping with your instructions, members of the public, parents included, are taking part in this work at all stages, from developing design projects to accepting school buildings after all work is finished. Of course, currently work is in full swing, so that better learning conditions are ready for schoolchildren by September 1. There is also another issue relating to the development of gas distribution infrastructure to supply heat to schools and childcare centres. In some cases, we plan to carry out major repairs at schools simultaneously with the social gas supply programme. We are moving fast to prepare for the new school year. Today, every region has interdepartmental acceptance commissions, which will be inspecting all schools between July 20 and August 20. School building security and hot meal arrangements for schoolchildren are of particular importance. I want to say that it is a much-needed programme. Parents regularly take part in monitoring the quality of work. We are doing our best to avoid giving any reasons for criticism. In September, we will also introduce a new format, Important Talk. We will offer students to discuss fundamental issues, such as the role of the family, human qualities, milestones in our history, and contemporary processes. These classes are expected to supplement the main training process in a most natural manner. We give special focus on supporting the Donetsk and Lugansk people’s republics and preparing their schools for the new academic year. We are doing our best for the schools in Donbass to start work in a single education space with Russia, so that the educational process is built on our highest quality standards. We expect 1,120 schools to open in the DPR and LPR in the new academic year. Many of them have already finished the school year under our educational standards, 865 of them. Schoolchildren were able to take the Unified State Exam, about a thousand schoolchildren used the opportunity. The other schools will have to reorganise and change their curricula, to adapt them to Russian standards. We have launched retraining programmes for teachers and school managers to help them. We expect that 15,000 teachers will complete the retraining by September 1, joining the 5,500 who have already done so. The textbook issue has been resolved. Almost 3.5 million books will be sent to Donbass school libraries. The children will have high quality literature, without which it is impossible to gain a comprehensive, modern education. This morning I met with Kharkov Region teachers in Kupyansk. They all say that any support from us is desperately needed by teachers, parents and children. In this connection, we are grateful to the governors and rectors of teacher training universities who join in the work with senior school students and arranged university tours for them. Donbass children are coming to us, they rediscover Russia and learn about the many real and accessible opportunities here. In conclusion, a few words about children’s health and recreation. The summer vacation campaign is proceeding in regular fashion as planned. A total of over 38,000 organisations are engaged. About six million children are staying in the recreational institutions, this number has reached the earlier, pre-Covid level. You decision, Mr President, to support cashback on children’s summer camp vouchers played the key role here. And let me also thank you on behalf of all teachers and colleagues for declaring next year The Year of Teachers and Mentors. It is a benchmark event for the education community, for everyone engaged in educating and raising children. We have already begun preparations and will submit the schedule of events to you shortly. Thank you for your attention. To be continued. Topics Energy National Final School Exam (EGE) Persons Falkov Valery Kravtsov Sergei Novak Alexander Patrushev Dmitry Savelyev Vitaly 1 more Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 8, 2022, 16:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68842 Text version