Events Meeting with President of Senegal Macky Sall Vladimir Putin met with President of the Republic of Senegal Macky Sall at Expoforum. July 28, 2023 22:30 St Petersburg President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr President, I am very glad to welcome you to St Petersburg. Thank you for finding an opportunity, like in 2019, to participate in the Russia–Africa summit personally. Of course, we regard your visit as a confirmation of your interest in developing relations between Russia and your country. By the way, I recall our conversation in Sochi last June, when you came here as Chairperson of the African Union, and our detailed conversation back then about the prospects of Russian-African cooperation in general. Let me remind you that this was when the idea was born to hold the second Russia–Africa summit, and we also talked about holding it in St Petersburg. You supported this idea and now we have implemented it. Continuing the topic of your productive work as the previous Chairperson of the African Union, I would like to inform you that Russia will support the initiative, as I have already said, which you proposed last August: to give the African Union the status of a full member of G20. As we have said many times, comprehensive development of relations with African countries is Russia’s foreign policy priority. We are consistently building them on the principles of equality, mutual respect and consideration of each other’s interests. Mr President, I would like to emphasise that we consider Senegal to be Russia’s important and reliable partner in Africa. At the end of 2022, for the second year in a row, your country ranked first in terms of trade with Russia among the countries of Sub-Saharan Africa. It reached almost 1.5 billion US dollars, which is a good indicator. This is a very good trend that needs to be developed. And of course, we need to work on increasing the absolute figures as well. There are opportunities to step up partnerships in agriculture, geological exploration, mining, energy, fisheries. I know that before coming to the summit here, in St Petersburg, you also visited Tatarstan. I hope that you appreciated the traditionally cordial Tatar welcome during this trip. Our brothers in Tatarstan know how to welcome guests. I am confident that you enjoyed it. In addition to regional cooperation, ties are being strengthened in the humanitarian sphere, primarily in education and culture. In the 2023/24 academic year, we will increase the quota of scholarships for Senegalese students to 75. We are grateful for your support in creating a Russian media library at Dakar University. This is a unique pilot project, which, I believe, will not only help students master the Russian language and learn about its culture in Senegal, but will also become a starting point for implementing such programmes in other African countries. Our aim is to expand contacts in sports, including under the interdepartmental memorandum signed in February 2021. We are ready to provide the necessary assistance in training Senegalese athletes, though I do not know whether they need it, because African athletes are showing excellent results. It should be specifically noted that Russia and Senegal are cooperating fruitfully at the UN. On the whole, I would like to emphasise that Russia treats with great respect the principled position of Senegal and other African states in favour of preserving stability and security in the world, forming a more just model of international relations and settling conflicts peacefully. A little later, together with several other African leaders, we will continue the discussion we started here in St Petersburg in June on possible ways to resolve the situation around Ukraine in line with the African Peace Initiative, which we find very important. Thank you. To be continued. See also Russia–Africa Summit July 28, 2023 Geography Senegal Topics Foreign policy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 28, 2023, 22:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71834 Text version