Events Meeting with young nuclear scientists In Sarov, Vladimir Putin met with young scientists and specialists from the Russian Federal Nuclear Centre – All-Russian Scientific Research Institute of Experimental Physics. September 8, 2023 21:40 Sarov President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good evening, friends. About nine years ago, I believe, I met here with the employees of our leading nuclear centre. It is a large team. In fact, the country’s largest scientific and technological centre with 20,000 employees. Exactly nine years ago ( addressing Rosatom Director General Alexei Likhachev ), I think, in February, right, Mr Likhachev? September? Yes, we met here in September 2014. I hope someone, maybe even someone who attended that meeting is here with us today? I am very pleased. First, I would like to thank you, your colleagues, and the management for the contribution your centre is making to promote science, to strengthen the defence of our country, the nuclear shield of our country, and to expand many sectors of the economy. I hope this will continue in the same vein. Moreover, we will even increase the pace. Notably, when we talked in 2014, our ill-wishers were just taking their first steps as they tried to limit our technological sovereignty and obstruct our development. Back then, we talked about the need to take vigorous steps to ensure our technological sovereignty. I must say that, first, our predictions have come true; everything happened just as we said it would. They provoked the conflict in Ukraine and used it to their advantage. I believe all of that was done with a purpose to create additional conditions for limiting our economic growth and restraining Russia's development. Back then, we began thinking about what we should do to ensure our sovereignty. Much has been achieved, but there is still much to do. I am aware that Sarov is developing at quite a fast pace. In terms of urban development, it was recognized – Mr Nikitin ( addressing Nizhny Novgorod Region Governor Gleb Nikitin ), I believe Sarov was recognised as the best city in the region? Nizhny Novgorod Region Governor Gleb Nikitin Nikitin Gleb Governor of Nizhny Novgorod Region : In terms of income level, yes. Vladimir Putin : No, not just in terms of income. Gleb Nikitin : In terms of urban environment quality as well. Vladimir Putin : It ranks first in the Nizhny Novgorod Region in terms of urban environment quality. This is good. It is mainly young people in this audience. I believe one of the key indicators is that a record number of marriages has been registered here over the last nine to ten years. This is very good. It is truly positive. It is very good, and it shows that people are planning their lives and extending the horizons of their planning. This is a good thing. We have slightly expanded the free area and created a priority development area here, and in cooperation with the Kurchatov Institute, we built the well-known Physics and Mathematics Centre under a branch of Moscow State University. I hope things are moving fast. Perhaps, you will have more to say about it today. I think that concludes my quasi-opening remarks, so I will turn it over to you. Please, no complicated or technical questions. It would be interesting, of course, to hear your assessments of how the industry is developing, how the city is developing, and most importantly, what you think needs to be done additionally to speed up progress and help us move confidently towards our goals. Please go ahead. Director General of State Atomic Energy Corporation Rosatom Alexei Likhachev Likhachev Alexei Director General of State Atomic Energy Corporation Rosatom : Mr President, can I add just a bit to your opening remarks? Vladimir Putin : Please, Mr Likhachev. Alexei Likhachev : Three generations are present here: 20-year-olds, the students and graduates of MSU branch in Sarov; those who were 20 years old back then, nine years ago and are now young scientists; and current members of the Academy, correspondent members and PhDs. So, all three generations have met here. Second, if I may remind you about another visit: it was late November 2020, the peak of the pandemic, and there was great uncertainty. However, you decided to create the National Physics and Mathematics Centre and MSU branch in Sarov. Vladimir Putin : Under pressure from you. (Laughter.) Alexei Likhachev : We proposed this, and Mr Kostyukov [Director of the Federal Nuclear Centre – Experimental Physics Research Institute] reported on this, and we all supported him. It must be said that back then, of course, this decision had few supporters. It was the time when everyone was occupied with routine work. But for us, this was part of life, we really needed this. However, I would like to mention two more people who made this their personal agenda: Viktor Sadovnichy, rector of Moscow State University, and Alexander Sergeyev, president of the Academy of Sciences at the time. Now it is impossible to imagine Sarov without the National Physics and Mathematics Centre and without the branch, though only two years have passed, and the first graduation will take place this year. What is important for us? First, the National Physics and Mathematics Centre should become an integral part of Rosatom in this great ladder from the kindergarten up to the work of serious scientific leaders, when people enjoy unlocking their potential and their talents as they climb the career ladder. Second, the National Physics and Mathematics Centre and the MSU branch in Sarov have made a great part of the federal system. We actively participate in everything that is being done today by the Znaniye Society, the Russia – Land of Opportunity and the Mashuk Centre, we are proud of this, and we make our own contribution. My colleagues will elaborate. I would like to stress once again that our life would be impossible without this National Physics and Mathematics Centre and the MSU branch, for all of us. When we were looking to enrol our first students back in 2021, there was nothing here: there was a technopark here, dormitories that were being renovated back then, some were just being planned, and we had to gather the best students. My colleagues and I, we just came to see the students, started talking to them, telling them everything, and, of course, they were not too eager to believe us. There was, I would say, an intractable student among them, a graduate who asked a lot of questions. I promised myself that I will do everything for him to join us. He came and is now sitting at the table here; he is a graduate about to begin postgraduate studies: Maxim Vyalkov. I would like to give him the floor. Vladimir Putin : Please, Maxim. To be continued. Geography Nizhny Novgorod Region Topics Regions Science and innovation Persons Likhachev Alexei Nikitin Gleb Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: September 8, 2023, 21:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72220 Text version