Events Opening of social infrastructure facilities in the new regions On Day of Reunification of the Donetsk People’s Republic, Lugansk People’s Republic and the Zaporozhye and Kherson regions with Russia, Vladimir Putin took part, via videoconference, in the opening of social infrastructure facilities in Russia’s new constituent entities. September 30, 2024 15:10 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region The Central School of Arts in Mariupol, which is part of the city’s historical and architectural landscape, has been restored. Construction and installation works at Alchevsk Sports School No. 1 have been completed. Conditions have been created there to train for interregional and national competitions, as well as to hold tournaments in basketball, volleyball, boxing, kickboxing, and artistic gymnastics. The restoration of Sports School No. 1 in Melitopol has also been completed, with classes now being held in seven sports: boxing, freestyle wrestling, volleyball, football, chess, table tennis, and trampoline jumping. In Genichesk, over 200 students have begun studying in the renovated main building of the Kherson Technical University. In September 2024, twelve social infrastructure facilities have opened their doors in Russia's new regions: four each in the Donetsk and Lugansk people's republics, and two each in the Zaporozhye and Kherson regions. Deputy Prime Minister Marat Khusnullin Khusnullin Marat Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation delivered the key report on the progress of the comprehensive socioeconomic development programme for the new regions. He noted that, on the President’s instructions, the programme has been extended until 2030 to include more than 300 efforts and measures, following which the regions should reach Russia’s average development level by 2030. Presentations were also made by Head of the Donetsk People’s Republic Denis Pushilin Pushilin Denis Head of the Donetsk People’s Republic , Head of the Lugansk People’s Republic Leonid Pasechnik Pasechnik Leonid Head of the Lugansk People’s Republic , Zaporozhye Region Governor Yevgeny Balitsky Balitsky Yevgeny Governor of the Zaporozhye Region , Kherson Region Governor Vladimir Saldo Saldo Vladimir Governor of Kherson Region , and representatives of the social infrastructure facilities that were launched in a live broadcast. Minister of Sport Mikhail Degtyarev Degtyarev Mikhail Minister of Sport of the Russian Federation , Minister of Culture Olga Lyubimova Lyubimova Olga Minister of Culture of the Russian Federation and Minister of Science and Higher Education Valery Falkov Falkov Valery Minister of Science and Higher Education of the Russian Federation spoke about further plans and new projects in their respective areas. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Colleagues, friends, good afternoon. See also Address on Day of Reunification of the Donetsk People’s Republic, Lugansk People’s Republic and the Zaporozhye and Kherson regions with Russia September 30, 2024 First and foremost, I would like to once again extend my heartfelt congratulations to you and all the citizens of our country on the Day of Reunification with Russia of its historical regions – the Donetsk and Lugansk people’s republics, as well as the Zaporozhye and Kherson regions. In this regard, I want to particularly emphasise the courage and determination of our soldiers and officers who are fighting on the front lines. I also wish to acknowledge the selfless efforts of tens of thousands of civilian specialists – doctors, teachers, builders, engineers, and workers – all of whom diligently fulfil their duties, often in extremely challenging and dangerous conditions. Their work contributes significantly to the gradual restoration and establishment of a peaceful and productive life in Novorossiya and Donbass. A comprehensive and large-scale programme for their socioeconomic development is one of our nation’s top priorities. There is no doubt that it will be realised. We have been clear about this from the very beginning, right after the liberation of the first areas, cities, and villages. We have done everything possible to commence peaceful restoration efforts as soon as the situation allowed. We are steadily progressing with our plans: nearly every week, residential buildings, clinics, energy facilities, and industrial and agricultural enterprises are being put into operation. The network of museums and libraries is expanding and gaining new modern capabilities, and historical memorials are being restored. To truly appreciate the scale of the programme now being implemented, it is enough to mention that since 2022, 5,800 blocks of flats and 3,500 kilometres of roads have been repaired. In the education sector alone, over 1,500 facilities have been either renovated or built from scratch, including 776 schools, 633 kindergartens, 68 extended education facilities, 56 secondary vocational education facilities, and 24 higher education establishments. Of these, 346 facilities have been built or repaired this year. Several other socially significant facilities have recently been inaugurated or are ready to open, including renovated schools, universities, and institutions for further education in the fields of arts and sports. I would like you to provide information about their specialisation and the demand for such facilities during live broadcasts from the Donetsk and Lugansk people’s republics, as well as the Zaporozhye and Kherson regions. I would like to express my gratitude to everyone involved in the implementation of these significant projects, those who restored and constructed buildings, outfitted them, and beautified the surrounding areas. I recognise that a tremendous amount of work has been accomplished, and I want to reiterate that this progress will undoubtedly continue, while the results we have achieved so far are already impressive. I also wish you all great success in your efforts, particularly the teaching staff. Your contribution is vital for the community, especially in these times when so much hinges on the social sphere. This includes better quality of life as well as effective and comprehensive integration of Donbass and Novorossiya into a single Russian space – educationally, spiritually, culturally, and economically. Our shared objective is to create equal ample opportunities for education, development, and personal advancement for every citizen across all regions of Russia, enabling them to achieve their individual successes together our vast and united Motherland. Now, let us begin. I would like to give the floor to Marat Khusnullin. Please. <…> Vladimir Putin: Friends, In conclusion I would like to say what I have said many times: the most important task for all of us is to create favourable conditions for the development of these territories considering the safety of people. This is the number one task. However, we will not postpone addressing economic and social issues. We will deal with this now, bearing in mind that the people who live in these territories need this right now. Therefore, I am confident that all the tasks that we have set for ourselves in this area will certainly be completed, just as the issues of ensuring security. Let me once again congratulate people living in Donbass, Novorossiya and actually the entire country, on Day of Reunification of Novorossiya and Donbass with the Russian Federation. I wish you all the best. I would like to thank you – I am addressing the participants in our event in the first place – for everything you do together to revive Novorossiya and Donbass. I wish you all the best. Happy holiday. Geography Donetsk People’s Republic Kherson Region Lugansk People’s Republic Zaporozhye Region Topics Construction industry Regions Social services Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: September 30, 2024, 15:10 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75208 Text version