Events Telephone conversation with Prime Minister of Italy Mario Draghi Vladimir Putin had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister of the Italian Republic Mario Draghi. February 1, 2022 15:20 Vladimir Putin conveyed his congratulations and best wishes to President of the Italian Republic Sergio Mattarella Mattarella Sergio President of Italy who was re-elected to this office on January 29, 2022. The President of Russia and Mario Draghi Draghi Mario Prime Minister of the Italian Republic exchanged information on measures taken in both countries to counter the spread of the coronavirus. In connection with the concern expressed by Mario Draghi about the developments related to Ukraine, Vladimir Putin gave an appraisal of actions taken by Kiev, which is evading compliance with its commitments regarding, primarily, political aspects of resolving the domestic conflict in Ukraine. The need for the Kiev authorities to take concrete steps in order to implement the Minsk Package of Measures was emphasised. The development of long-term legally binding security guarantees for the Russian Federation was discussed in detail. Vladimir Putin outlined Russia’s key approaches regarding this matter, emphasising the importance of observing the fundamental principle of indivisibility of security, enshrined in the OSCE documents that were signed at the highest level. Certain bilateral agenda items were touched upon, primarily the ones concerning cooperation in trade and economic exchanges and energy. Vladimir Putin reaffirmed Russia’s readiness to further ensure stable supplies of Russian natural gas to Italy, and also expressed satisfaction with the outcome of his recent meeting , held via videoconference, with leading Italian entrepreneurs. The leaders agreed to continue the dialogue in the interests of advancing mutually beneficial Russian-Italian relations. Geography Italy Topics Foreign policy Persons Draghi Mario Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: February 1, 2022, 15:20 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/67683 Text version