Events Video address to the participants in the opening ceremony of the World Youth Festival March 2, 2024 17:30 Video address to the participants in the opening ceremony of the World Youth Festival. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Friends, I am truly glad to welcome the participants and guests of the World Youth Festival, the ambassadors of various countries and nations that Russia brought together here, in Sochi. Our country has already held three of these large youth forums, and each time they confirmed that there are no borders or dividing lines for younger generations. Here you can interact with whomever you wish and find the knowledge and experience you need. This was proven by the hundreds of thousands of applications to take part in the festival that we received from 190 countries. The only thing we regret is not being able to accept all of them. Right now, representatives of almost 300 ethnic groups are gathered here, on this stage. Here in Russia, we know very well how valuable this diversity is, and what a powerful driver of progress and mutual spiritual enrichment it is. Our multi-ethnic country is made up of hundreds of cultures, languages, traditions; the brotherhood of different peoples has always been its main pillar, advantage, and strength. It has helped us throughout history, helped conquer new heights in science, the arts and education, win the Great Patriotic War and defeat Nazism. Multi-ethnic unity is our supreme value, and it has largely shaped the principles by which our state and society live and develop today. I am speaking about equality and justice, traditions of a strong family and mutual assistance, about serving one’s Fatherland and feeling responsibility for its destiny. I know that these values are shared by the vast majority of the Earth’s inhabitants. This is why we must take care of them and defend them together, fulfil our dreams together, and help each other to make the lives of billions of people – let me stress this – billions of people better. We must work together for the generations to come, fight poverty and terrorism, diseases and drug trafficking, preserve the unique natural riches, cultural heritage, and all the beauty and diversity of the planet. This world has no place for racism, dictatorship, double standards or lies, and people are free to speak their language and follow the beliefs and traditions of their ancestors. You are the younger generation. You dream about what a safe and just world should look like, and you will be the ones to create it. The festival will provide you with an opportunity to discuss all of this with your peers. I believe your discussions will be interesting and useful for a wide audience, and the same goes for your impressions of the festival venues and, of course, of Russia itself and its people. For example, you will see for yourself that smiles are not a mask but a sincere sign of emotion for us. That we keep our word if we give it. We have faith in young people and are making Russia a country with opportunities for them. And, of course, we are always open to dialogue. I have no doubt that this atmosphere of trust and friendship will prevail at the venues of the World Youth Festival. Moreover, it is taking place in spring. In cultures of the world, spring in the season that symbolises the awakening of nature, new hopes, renewal, the brightest of dreams, and confidence in success and in the future. And, of course, in love. I am confident that you will get a colossal charge of positive emotion from the festival and return home with love for Russia. I hereby proclaim the World Youth Festival open! Topics Children Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: March 2, 2024, 17:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73592 Text version