Events Meeting of the Council for Civil Society and Human Rights The President held the annual meeting of the Council for Civil Society and Human Rights, via videoconference. December 4, 2023 22:40 The Kremlin, Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Good afternoon, colleagues, I am happy to welcome all of you to our meeting, which is traditionally held on the eve of Human Rights Day. This date is certainly important to each of you, our Council as a whole and, I think, for our society as well. I know that you not only analyse law enforcement practice, law-making and other issues of general nature, but also spend much time and effort helping people in specific situations; you respond to their requests to help them find a fair solution to their problems. Of course, I am grateful to you for your caring attitude to this cause, for your sincere generosity, patience, your ability to convince others in your position, and, if necessary, your firm stand and persistence, and a striving to listen to all parties and to find compromises. All these traits are of tremendous importance in the human rights cause. You have these traits in full measure and achieve a lot because of them. Thank you and your colleagues at both the federal level and in the regions – for your much needed and noble activities. I would also like to tell you that the Council has undergone a planned rotation. The relevant executive order was signed recently. The Council now includes five members – they are prominent people in the field of human rights and civil society development. I would like to wish you success and, most importantly, to join the Council’s current determined effort as soon as possible. Colleagues, at our meeting a year ago we had an in-depth discussion on issues that are particularly important in our uneasy times. The discussion was lengthy and frank. Much has been done to address almost every issue you brought up: instructions have been given to the relevant ministries and departments, while the regional authorities received recommendations. Much, as I said, has been done while some issues are still being looked into. Today, we will listen to detailed information about the status of the instructions. One of the major and traditional efforts of the Council’s activities is protection of people’s social rights. This year special attention has been given to teachers’ working conditions, including their salaries, efforts to improve prestige of teaching, and the level of equipment at educational establishments. I believe our Council needs to keep addressing these issues. For example, you came up with a proposal to prepare a new single social sciences textbook and later joined this work. Of course, this deserves support. I believe your experience in human rights activities is definitely needed here. Today, of course, one of the main issues the Council is addressing is support for our servicepeople, our men and women on the frontlines, our heroes. Present here are Council members who have been to the special military operation zone more than once. At the previous meeting you raised the issue of targeted support for the participants in the special military operation and their families. This year, the Defenders of the Fatherland Foundation was established, with its branches opened in every region. It is important that you work closely with them. I am aware that you regularly go to Donbass and Novorossiya, meet with local people, know what their concerns are. I ask you to speak openly and in detail about matters that need additionally consideration and resolution. Colleagues, at our meeting a year ago we had an in-depth discussion on issues that are particularly important in our uneasy times. The discussion was lengthy and frank. Much has been done to address almost every issue you brought up: instructions have been given to the relevant ministries and departments, while the regional authorities received recommendations. Much, as I said, has been done while some issues are still being looked into. Today, we will listen to detailed information about the status of the instructions. One of the major and traditional efforts of the Council’s activities is protection of people’s social rights. This year special attention has been given to teachers’ working conditions, including their salaries, efforts to improve prestige of teaching, and the level of equipment at educational establishments. I believe our Council needs to keep addressing these issues. For example, you came up with a proposal to prepare a new single social sciences textbook and later joined this work. Of course, this deserves support. I believe your experience in human rights activities is definitely needed here. Today, of course, one of the main issues the Council is addressing is support for our servicepeople, our men and women on the frontlines, our heroes. Present here are Council members who have been to the special military operation zone more than once. At the previous meeting you raised the issue of targeted support for the participants in the special military operation and their families. This year, the Defenders of the Fatherland Foundation was established, with its branches opened in every region. It is important that you work closely with them. I am aware that you regularly go to Donbass and Novorossiya, meet with local people, know what their concerns are. I ask you to speak openly and in detail about matters that need additionally consideration and resolution. To be continued. See also News of the Council for Civil Society and Human Rights Topics Human rights Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts , Commissions and Councils , Council for Civil Society and Human Rights Publication date: December 4, 2023, 22:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72905 Text version