Events Meeting with permanent members of the Security Council Vladimir Putin held, via videoconference, a briefing session with permanent members of the Security Council. December 5, 2024 20:15 The Kremlin, Moscow Meeting with permanent members of the Security Council (via videoconference). The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Mishustin Mikhail Prime Minister of the Russian Federation , Federation Council Speaker Valentina Matvienko, State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin Volodin Vyacheslav Chairman of the State Duma , Deputy Chairman of the Security Council Dmitry Medvedev Medvedev Dmitry Deputy Chairman of the Security Council of the Russian Federation , Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Anton Vaino Vaino Anton Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , Secretary of the Security Council Sergei Shoigu Shoigu Sergei Secretary of the Russian Federation Security Council , Presidential Aide Nikolai Patrushev Patrushev Nikolai Aide to the President , Defence Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei Defence Minister of the Russian Federation , Interior Minister Vladimir Kolokoltsev Kolokoltsev Vladimir Interior Minister of the Russian Federation , Director of the Federal Security Service Alexander Bortnikov Bortnikov Alexander Director of the Federal Security Service , Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergei Naryshkin Naryshkin Sergei Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service , and Special Presidential Representative for Environmental Protection, Ecology and Transport Sergei Ivanov Ivanov Sergei Special Presidential Representative for Environmental Protection, Ecology and Transport . Minister of Industry and Trade Anton Alikhanov Alikhanov Anton Minister of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation , who was also invited to attend the meeting, presented his report. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Colleagues, good evening. Today we will talk about the development of certain industry sectors that produce dual-use goods. This is important for the economy in general, as well as for maintaining and increasing the country’s defence capability. We have two speakers. Please, let us get started. The floor goes to Mr Alikhanov. <…> See also News of the Security Council Topics Industry National security Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts , Security Council Publication date: December 5, 2024, 20:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75768 Text version