Events Gala reception in honour of the BRICS Summit Vladimir Putin addressed a gala reception hosted on behalf of the President of Russia to mark the 16 th BRICS Summit. October 23, 2024 20:20 Kazan Address by President of Russia President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Heads of State, Ladies and gentlemen, Friends, We are sincerely happy to welcome here in Kazan the heads of BRICS countries and leaders of nations interested in cooperation with our group. Today, we have successfully conducted the BRICS Summit meetings in both restricted and expanded formats, addressing pressing issues on the global agenda, including interactions in politics and security as well as the economy and cultural sphere. Our discussions have once again underscored that BRICS countries share the universal values of peace, justice, and equality and work collectively for the prosperity and well-being of our countries and peoples. BRICS states stand united, advocating for intensified cooperation on the global stage based on the key principles of the United Nations Charter. We collectively strive to contribute in every conceivable way to the establishment of a just, multipolar world order with decisive participation from countries of the Global South and East in the systems of international governance. Tomorrow, together with all of you, friends, we shall hold a BRICS Plus/Outreach format meeting. Such expanded format has proven its worth, offering a platform for direct and open dialogue between members of our group and our sincere friends. Together, we shall address issues of concern to the global community. These include sustainable development, eradication of poverty, peaceful settlement of conflicts, combating terrorism and cross-border crime, adaptation to climate change, stability of supply chains, and exchange of technology and knowledge in its broadest sense. In essence, these are the issues that directly impact the lives of our citizens and thus necessitate collective action. We are committed to involving our like-minded partners in the existing collaboration formats within our group, striving to build an equal and mutually beneficial partnership with them. It is in this spirit, under the slogan Strengthening Multilateralism for Just Global Development and Security, that the Russian chairmanship has been operating this year. Friends, I extend my gratitude for your presence here today. I propose a toast: to the prosperity of our peoples, to the strengthening of our cooperation, and to the health of all those present! See also Second day of 16th BRICS Summit October 23, 2024 Geography Republic of Tatarstan Topics BRICS Foreign policy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: October 23, 2024, 20:20 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75379 Text version