Events Meeting with Supreme Court President Irina Podnosova Vladimir Putin held a working meeting with President of the Supreme Court Irina Podnosova. April 23, 2024 16:50 The Kremlin, Moscow The Federation Council appointed Irina Podnosova President of the Supreme Court on April 17. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Ms Podnosova, first of all, congratulations on the recent decision: the Federation Council has appointed you President of the Supreme Court of Russia. This is a very important, not even the position, but a mission because it is a separate branch of government in Russia and a very important component of the entire government structure. Vyacheslav Lebedev Lebedev Vyacheslav , who headed the country’s Supreme Court for 35 years, did a lot to strengthen law and order and develop the judicial system. Of course, there are always a great deal of issues in such an immense sphere, with caseloads at the courts being one of them. As you are aware, various proposals have been made in this regard, including by the Supreme Court. We need to properly sort it out and work on it. Several decisions proposed by the Supreme Court are being reviewed by the parliament, by the State Duma. I would like to ask you to also work on this. There are sensitive issues there related to the possibility of making out-of-court decisions, including on debt. But, of course, there must still be supervision by the courts. You have been working in the judicial system for a long time, almost your entire life; you have been through almost all stages, and for several years you have served as Deputy President of the Supreme Court. How long has it been? Irina Podnosova Podnosova Irina President of the Supreme Court : It will soon be four years. Vladimir Putin : As deputy president? There you are. You worked both in criminal proceedings and in arbitration courts, so you have everything to perform this function reliably, with dignity, and at a good professional level. I want to wish you success. Irina Podnosova : Thank you very much. Mr President, I would like to thank you for entrusting me with this office. And, of course, assuming this position after an outstanding lawyer and leader like Mr Lebedev is obviously a very big responsibility. The Supreme Court members and the entire judiciary corps that operates today, were formed with his involvement: this is a judicial community of professionals who are ready and able to perform all the tasks assigned to the judicial system. In turn, I want to assure you that I will, of course, put all my strength, knowledge, and experience to continue Vyacheslav Lebedev’s efforts to strengthen and improve the judicial system. Vladimir Putin : Good. Best of luck. Irina Podnosova : Thank you very much. <…> Topics Court Persons Podnosova Irina Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: April 23, 2024, 16:50 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73927 Text version