Events Meeting with Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China Zhao Leji President Vladimir Putin met with Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China Zhao Leji on the sidelines of the 10 th BRICS Parliamentary Forum. July 11, 2024 15:00 St Petersburg On the Russian side, the meeting was attended by Federation Council Speaker Valentina Matviyenko and State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr Zhao Leji, I am delighted to see you, this time in St Petersburg, Russia. Quite recently, we met with our friend, President of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping, on the sidelines of the SCO summit in Astana. We discussed the most important issues of our interaction once again. Everything that we agreed on is working properly. Please, convey the best and most friendly wishes to the President of the People’s Republic of China. Speaking of the parliamentary dimension of our cooperation, I consider it to be extremely important because it focuses on the most important aspects of our interaction and creates a favourable atmosphere for achieving our goals and accomplishing high-priority objectives, including the economy, cultural and humanitarian ties. Parliamentary activities can overlook nothing because, one way or another, all spheres require parliamentary and legislative formalisation. We therefore pay great attention to this, and we are grateful to you for this joint work. See also 10th BRICS Parliamentary Forum July 11, 2024 Our interparliamentary commission is working actively, members of both parliaments pay special attention to our cooperation, and we would like to thank them all for this. In turn, we will do our best to make sure that this aspect of activities retains its due status. I know that you have met in Moscow with the State Duma Speaker and Ms Matviyenko, the head of the upper house of the Russian Parliament. I am happy that you are here with us today, and I am confident that this work, within the framework of today’s events, will become a very good contribution to strengthening our bilateral ties, and that it will consolidate our strategic partnership. Welcome. Сhairman of the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress Zhao Leji (retranslated) : Mr President, I am very glad to meet with you in your native city, St Petersburg. In fact, St Petersburg is a very beautiful city. First of all, let me convey warm greetings and best wishes from President Xi Jinping. Since the beginning of your new presidential tenure, the people and the Government of Russia have been protecting national security and stability and ensuring socio-economic development under your leadership. Your country is confidently following the path of its own development. We sincerely welcome these achievements and express our firm support. This year marks the 75 th anniversary of Chinese-Russian relations. The complicated history of our relations proves, in full measure, that the right path to peaceful coexistence and joint development between different countries lies through mutual respect, equality, trust and mutually beneficial cooperation. Under the strategic leadership of President Xi Jinping and Mr President, Chinese-Russian relations of comprehensive partnership and strategic cooperation in the new era have maintained the high-quality vectors of development and brought real and tangible benefits to the peoples of our countries. As you have correctly noted, recently, you and President Xi Jinping held another meeting in Astana and reached a number of strategically important agreements. I reaffirm the readiness of the National People’s Congress of China together with the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation, to implement at the legislative level the important agreements reached by the leaders of our two countries and to contribute to strengthening political mutual trust, practical cooperation and friendship between our countries. I will convey your greetings and the best wishes from you to President Xi Jinping. I will also inform him about everything that took place at this meeting. Thank you. Vladimir Putin: Please, tell him that we are waiting for the President of the People’s Republic of China to attend the BRICS Summit in Kazan, Russia, on October 22–24. I hope that you will be able to get acquainted with St Petersburg closer during your current visit. As far as I know, you were in this city several years ago, but you had too little time back then. Hopefully, now you will manage to take a closer look at the beauty of St Petersburg. Please, convey my best wishes to the President. <…> Geography People's Republic of China Topics BRICS Foreign policy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 11, 2024, 15:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74529 Text version