Events Meeting with participants in the World Youth Festival Vladimir Putin held a meeting with participants in the World Youth Festival. March 6, 2024 22:50 Sirius Before the conversation, the President, accompanied by Head of the Talent and Success Educational Fund Yelena Shmeleva, adviser to the head of the Federal Agency for Youth Affairs Anton Pashkov and head of the regional cooperation department at the Movement of the First Ksenia Yanova, toured the World Youth Festival International Airport exhibition space located on the premises of Sirius University. The interactive exhibition format provides an opportunity for guests to become involved in various educational, HR, or development projects and offers insights into Russia’s youth policy achievements. See also All news about the trip to Sochi. Closing ceremony of the World Youth Festival March 6, 2024 While visiting the pavilion titled Vladivostok is the Youth Capital of Russia, the President was shown products from Primorye businesses and goods created by youth teams from other regions. Vladimir Putin also visited the display zone called Gardens by the Takeoff Runway, which showcases Russia’s best practices in creating opportunities for younger generations. While visiting the Gallery pavilion, the President saw the first open library repository of Sirius University. In the Museum of the World zone, he explored works created under the Without Borders: Artists of Donbass project. * * * Excerpts from the transcript of the meeting with World Youth Festival participants Moderator Anton Pashkov: Mr President, the whole world is here with us – 190 countries that have come to Russia. Despite some difficulties that arose in some countries, despite some logistical difficulties, they fought for the right to be here at the World Youth Festival. And of course, most of all they were looking forward to meeting you. Especially when they watched your heartfelt address at the opening ceremony, they kept asking when they could meet with you – and this day has arrived. Let me give you the floor. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Thank you. The first thing I want to say is that we are very glad to see you all. Welcome to Russia. Further. We are very glad that so many people came from almost 190 countries around the world, from all continents. But what I want to emphasise is that we are not competing with anyone, we do not want to prove anything to anyone. We are just glad to see our friends. It is very important to note that we are not holding this meeting or similar forums for show. This is not a promotional but an essential event. And its essence is to bring together people who think approximately like us, approximately, because all people cannot think the same way, who adhere to approximately the same principles and values ​​as we do, and who want to work together to achieve a positive result for themselves, for their loved ones, for their countries. We are open to this work. As I just said at the closing ceremony of this major event, which turned out to be a major event, we really hope that you enjoyed it. And of course, our meeting today is intended to produce feedback from you, and we would like to hear your advice on what should be done so that other meetings of this kind can be held, maybe not in such a broad format, but to follow up on what was accomplished at this International Festival, so that we can move toward achieving our common goals, common development goals. Honestly, I am interested in hearing your views both on the results of the work and on what could be done as next steps. That about does it for my opening remarks. <…> Vladimir Putin ( replying to a question from China Youth Daily reporter Li Ruoyi ) : Yes, indeed, the situation is complicated, and there are many problems and hot spots. We do not need to go far to find proof. We are in conflict with our neighbours; hostilities are raging, and this is quite a problem. It is always a tragedy when people fight each other, when people are killed and wounded, etc. Is the situation any better in the rest of the world? The same thing has happened basically throughout the history of humanity to one extent or another. The question is how to live in such conditions, and what you can count on. Of course, we should always think about a better future. Of course, we should strive to create conditions for reducing the number of conflicts and expanding the scale of cooperation. Clearly, there are problems in the economic sphere, the social sphere and the sphere of security. But if young people like you that are involved in various areas of activity meet, listen to each other and hear each other, then politicians will be more inclined to make decisions that lead to conflict resolution, that lead to peace and stability for the future. In my opinion, this is the role that young people have to play, and in the future – this is clear – one generation replaces another, this is only natural. If you establish permanent contacts at this point in your professional growth, including those with young people from various countries (even those countries that do not have good relations today), then you will have a stable foundation for a constructive future together. <…> Vladimir Putin (answering a question from Belgian anaesthesiologist Matyas Kovacs about advice for young people who want to move to Russia and understand the Russian soul) : Thank you for mentioning the Russian soul. It is a complicated substance. In any case, we have something that distinguishes us from other countries. What is it? We coexist and develop within a tapestry of cultures, religions, and traditions. All of this together forms a space that enables us to engage – year after year, decade after decade – in the exchange not only of a genetic code, as seen in the emergence of numerous mixed families in Russia, but also of a cultural code. In this way, a certain unity is created, a unified Russian nation, rooted in values we now call traditional, even if our understanding of them may not be entirely complete. Russian culture, in this sense, is unique to some extent. It is captivating, diverse, and warrants closer acquaintance and understanding, particularly for those residing beyond Russia’s borders. By understanding it, they will be able to work with us openly, helping to create mutual benefit for both themselves and those with whom they cooperate. By the way, Belgium – as you probably know – emerged on the world map as an independent state to a large extent due to Russia and Russian influence. This is no longer important today; but what matters is that we have our own prehistory of positive relations with many countries worldwide. Regarding your profession, it is indeed a noble pursuit, as I have emphasised on numerous occasions and want to reiterate now. While acquiring formal knowledge is essential for becoming a proficient anaesthesiologist or doctor, true excellence and talent necessitate possessing certain character traits and a soul as you mentioned today. To wholeheartedly dedicate oneself to others, empathy is paramount. In this regard, you will undoubtedly find good partners here. We have our achievements in the medical field, though continuous efforts are required. Significant steps have been made in cardiovascular surgery and in some other areas. We have extensive programmes to combat cancer and diabetes. So, we have some remarkable accomplishments in these crucial areas. I know about cases of cooperation despite restrictions imposed by various countries for political reasons. I know examples in your field of specialists persisting in their work, undeterred by such barriers, because their humanistic principles prevail. Moreover, I have come across situations where people faced quasi-political obstacles but despite any propaganda or differing perspectives on the processes involved, I have heard the commitment to patients in Russia, expressed as “we will always be there for you.” You know, we respect such people very much. Rest assured that this sentiment will always be reciprocated from our end. <…> Caleb Maupin: My name is Caleb Maupin, and I am the leader of the United States delegation. I am representing the Centre for Political Renovation, and I would like to just thank you from the bottom of my heart for that dynamic interview that you gave to Tucker Carlson, in which you showed, many, many young Americans, a different kind of leadership, because our politicians and our leaders in the United States, they speak in soundbites, they speak in terms of scandal and gossip; but you presented a long-term vision, a scientific view of statecraft. And by getting through to young Americans, you made a difference. Many people who would never have listened to anything you had to say, or heard another prospective, heard you because of that interview. Now, getting to my question, things between our two countries are not good at this point. You know, before we left, we had to have a press conference at the United Nations. We are concerned about being prosecuted. There are three Americans that have already been charged and are facing prosecution, possibly 15 years in prison, simply because they attended a conference like this in Russia. The Uhuru Movement, they are called. We are concerned, because I know that I speak for the majority of the American people when I say that we do not want our tax money dumped into this conflict in Ukraine any longer. We do not want our country to continue to deteriorate internally while our leaders waste money on prolonging this war. I am frightened by what the Biden administration is doing, not just in Ukraine, but also on Taiwan, on the Korean Peninsula. And I really do see gatherings like this as a potential road to peace And what I have seen at this festival has blown my mind: The amount of young volunteers that you have here, people who have stepped up, who love their country and want to just come forward and put together dynamic events like this. What kind of role can events like this, and young diplomacy activities like this, play in helping set the stage for maybe changing the dangerous direction our leaders in the United States are taking things, against the majority of wishes of the majority of people in our country? Thank you. Vladimir Putin: The United States is a big and unique country in its own way. It took the people of America only 300 years to turn it into a superpower; this is a relatively short period, by our standards. This is an obvious fact. We also know outstanding American politicians; we know outstanding American businesspersons and cultural figures. All this is incontestable. Our countries were allies during both world wars, while fighting Nazism and fascism. What has happened since? We know that after the war and after their allied relations, the United States and the Soviet Union started dividing the world. They successfully carved it up, built international relations and created the contemporary system of international law under this balance of power. Later, the Soviet Union disintegrated for a number of reasons, which I won’t go into now, but it was mainly because of domestic reasons. Only one superpower, the United States, remained. How did your elite take advantage of this monopoly, this world domination? That’s the question. I believe the United States has failed to cope with the burden of responsibility it took on. The United States created a monopolist system and tried to make it stronger. I am talking about the US ruling elite, not the people of America. While strengthening their system of monopoly, they soon realised that the overwhelming majority of counties did not like it very much. Everyone eventually saw that this emerging world order was encountering greater resistance. Everyone, many countries, including your allies, by the way, see this. They are just keeping quiet now; they are afraid to say more than they should because of their economic dependence, and dependence in many other areas, and this includes their media outlets in some ways. Believe me, I know what I am talking about: even America’s allies don’t really like it. Then, the problems and setbacks started piling up. First, the United States’ ruling elite decided that, given their monopoly on the right to rule the world, they no longer needed the system of international relations that was created after World War II. They believed it didn’t suit them because the global balance of power had changed and it became necessary to rebuild the system of international law in accordance with their needs. What I mean is that in the case of the events in Iraq, for example, everything was done without the authorisation of the UN Security Council, the same as in Syria and in former Yugoslavia. I will not go into the reasons now, but there were no UN Security Council decisions there, were there? There were not. It was the United States that let the genie out of the bottle. But if they are allowed, why are other countries not allowed to defend their core interests in the same way? What happened in Yugoslavia? My colleagues have repeatedly said to me: “Well, yes, we did it without Security Council approval, but the war had been going on there for so many years – eight years of bloodshed, something had to be done.” And when Russia started to protect its people in Donbass, where there was also war and extermination of civilians – children, women, old people – why can’t Russia do that, stand up for its people? And not somewhere thousands of kilometres away from its national borders, but right next door, right around the corner. Moreover, people have requested and have been waiting for this help. I do not want to go into details now, I just want to ask: is there an understanding that the world cannot be governed from one centre, and that this is even harmful to this centre, because it starts to undermine its foundations? In my interview with your journalist, Mr Carlson, I was just talking about the dollar being undermined, and they are banning transactions in dollars. Why they are doing this, your bosses, is totally incomprehensible. That is, clearly, they want to achieve a quick result, but they do not achieve anything, they only undermine the power of the dollar. This is the opposite of the intended result. And it is like this in many areas. I believe that this is a wrongheaded policy. But if we return to your question, young people, of course, can do a lot. I don’t want to wade into domestic political affairs right now, I don’t want to characterise the way presidential candidates are acting. This is part of the domestic political culture of the United States, nothing more. But young people, of course, can do their part in building interstate relations. How? Very simple. Simply by expressing their position inside the country within the confines of the law and the Constitution of their country or countries. This is the only way to act. We are by no means calling for any acts of disobedience. But in a democratic country, can a person express their position? Yes, they can. This is what you should do, and I think that this will create non-government forms of contacts that will foster equitable relations at the state level as well. Thank you for your question. <…> Vladimir Putin ( answering a question from Amir Khawas from Egypt on the Russian volunteer community ) : With regard to how volunteer movements are organised, we have talked about the Russian soul today, and I want to say without any joke or irony: the people of Russia do have this sense of compassion in their souls. It is passed on from parents – from mothers, from fathers to children, and so on, from generation to generation. And that is why this desire to help others, the desire to support in general, I repeat, corresponds to our spiritual traditions. But concerning volunteerism itself – even in the most difficult times, at the turning points of Russia’s history, the hardest times, there were always a lot of volunteers, including during the Great Patriotic War, the Second World War. A lot of people volunteered to go to the front, just as many people are still taking part in combat operations today, in order to finally end the war that was unleashed in Donbass back in 2014. Speaking of today, the volunteer movement started with preparations for the Olympics right here in Sochi in 2014. Later, there was another powerful boost to this during the fight against covid, you are certainly aware of that, when many young people risked their lives (and some of them indeed were lost) selflessly helping other people, giving them a hand, helping them to fight the disease or to avoid it. Of course, we began to support this movement by setting up respective platforms to help those who voluntarily committed themselves to serve society or to hold specific, large events. We are very happy that millions of people, and now there are millions of them, are involved in this constructive joint effort. As for working together, you are certainly aware that these platforms are currently being promoted in our country. We are delighted to invite you to join. You graduated from a university, and I do not know your plans, whether you want to go back to your home country, Egypt in this case, or get further education in Russia and do something together. And if you intend to promote volunteerism in your country, you can use our experience or at least all the positive things that we have achieved, we will be happy to share. I can only wish you success. This is a noble cause. <…> Dasha Kukarskikh: I am a theatre and film actress. A year ago, our team, the team of the “2022” project, which was recently released on Channel One, visited the new territories, the city of Mariupol, and shot the first feature film. My question is this. In fact, I am very interested in what films you grew up on that made you so big-hearted, a person who understands and appreciates people. And, perhaps, how your tastes have changed by the age you are now. Vladimir Putin: Films like today’s Cheburashka, but made back then: kind, a little sentimental, inspiring the best human qualities such as kindness, creativity, helping your neighbour. Films like that. By the way, there were a lot of films like this, and there were a lot of good cartoons, made by Soyuzmultfilm, as you know. Of course, we need to pass on all this to our children, because what is being done today is probably very technologically advanced, with everything flashing before your eyes, all the shooting, shouting, exploding; everyone trying to catch each other but they can’t, and when they do, they always aim for the head. Perhaps these are action films that are in demand on the market. Are they always in demand among children? I don’t know, I am not sure about that. Anyway, all people in my generation grew up watching those films. And later, of course, they studied War and Peace and Dostoevsky in our schools. I must say frankly that, of course, you begin to understand this at an older age. And of course, as a person grows up and gains experience interacting with people, they develop their own views on what is good and what is bad. They begin to look differently at the classics, at modern literature or works of cinema. Nothing unusual happened to me here; it was like with everyone else. And I wish you all the best in your work. The fact that you addressed the problems, as I see, of those who live in this region [Donbass], is very important, because these are acute problems, and people certainly need the support of creative and talented people who can convey how people live in a vivid, intelligible and emotional way. Thank you. Davis Akampurira: Thank you so much. My name is Davis Akampurira from Uganda. Your Excellency, I am a former student union president in my country, and also served in various youth leadership positions in my country, and I’m also a farmer. Your Excellency, first of all I would like to thank you for what you have been doing for Africa, especially do with scholarships and other things, but also I want to thank you for, over time, talking about injustices in international politics, in particular, the manifestations of neocolonialism. I would like to say that in this struggle, you have done this not for your own interests, or the interests of the people of Russia, but for the people of the world. I would like to thank you for that, Your Excellency. Another point, Your Excellency. I would like you to tell us, maybe especially tell me and people of Africa, how can we work together with Russia, to see how we can solve some of the challenges that are affecting our people? We also see that we can work together with the people of Russia, to see that everything is solved in the world. Thank you so much. But also, if I can conclude with personal privilege, Your Excellency, I would like you to mentor me. I would like to be your son from Africa. Thank you so much. Vladimir Putin: What can I say to you, my son? ( Laughter in the audience .) First, I would like to address you not only as a son, but also as a president because you are the president of a student union, so I will allow myself to address you as ”Mr President.“ You know, if you are not joking, in North America, in the States, in Europe, many people, serious, literate, profound people believe that to a large extent the well-being of these countries is based on the exploitation of other people. Today's prosperity is based on the exploitation of Africa to a large extent – the exploitation of natural wealth and human resources. They are straightforward about this, honestly. I don't think we need to fall into some kind of extremism here, or demand remorse. But what is absolutely necessary is to take these circumstances into account, because it is only by taking this into account that we can achieve a correction in today's unfair economic world order. I'm getting into complicated subject matter. It may be difficult for people who are not initiated in this to engage and understand it all at once, but I will not talk in detailed or sophisticated terms. Today's economic world order is unjust. It is no coincidence that at the World Trade Organisation, the government heads of most countries in the world cannot agree on anything even after many continuous sessions. Why? Because the rich countries do not want to create a system of international economic relations that will open markets for developing economies and create liberal conditions for their development and growth. Year after year, countries with developing economies try to make changes in this world economic order, but they are constantly barred at almost every step. We were attending the Russia-Africa summit in St Petersburg, and you must have noticed what the African leaders said. By the way, despite the shouts and creating these conditions for them, for the African leaders not to come to Russia, almost all of Africa came anyway. And not just because we have a very good background of relations, but because Africa is developing and wants to be truly independent and does not respond to others yelling at them. The history of our relations is very kind and very good and has deep roots. At this forum, for example, my African colleagues mentioned that they, the countries of Africa, now have such a cumulative debt which, by definition, cannot be repaid. Whatever you do, you can’t repay it. But such terms for their financial relations were formulated, and African countries were forced to take loans on these terms, as if the Western financial community did not understand that it would never be possible to pay this money back. You know, there was a similar case in the history of mankind, in the history of Europe. After the First World War, the greedy rulers, the then greedy rulers of France and Great Britain, created such financial terms for Germany and imposed such indemnities and such conditions for repayment of debts, they believed, to the Entente states that it was by definition impossible to repay those debts. And this was one of the reasons for Hitler’s rapid rise on the political scene. Because he was telling his people: “Look at what these bandits are doing! They imposed on us such conditions under which we will never, from generation to generation, the Germans will not be able to pay off and become a normal country. We have only one way – to fight for our interests with weapons.” This is not the only reason, but one of the major reasons. Why are such conditions being created for Africa today, by imposing such financial obligations? Of course, this does not mean that we should always follow the path of resistance and fight for our interests with arms. But we must do everything to change the current situation, to make it much more fair, understandable, transparent, and therefore more stable, as I just said in my closing remarks at the forum, here in the next room. There is one more point that I would like to highlight. In the course of numerous contacts with African leaders, even from those countries where the economic situation is very difficult today and people have a very hard life, sometimes malnourished, but none of them – none, I want to emphasise this – asked for anything directly. No one extended out a hand, no one asked for anything: give us this, or give us that. Everyone was talking about only one thing: let us establish fair, honest joint economic work. I want to tell you that we are ready, of course, to support our African friends when needed. You may have heard that we have now sent free grain to several African countries, and even paid for the shipping of this grain. Where it needs to be done, we are ready. But, of course, we are even more interested in fruitful joint work on equal terms. Africa expects this both from the world and from Russia. And of course, these are the principles that will guide us in our work. Africa has a great future. <…> Vladimir Putin ( replying to a question by Yegor Oryel, a specialist on artificial intelligence on the introduction of artificial intelligence ) : We can be proud of our achievements in this area. Why? Because our so-called electronic government is probably much more advanced than others, and we have achieved much greater success than many other countries. And, of course, this is the result of the work by these people that you mentioned, including Dmitry Chernyshenko, who is one of the organisers of these events. We have taken definite steps forward in this area but, of course, this is not enough yet. Naturally, we must work with our colleagues inside the country and abroad on this technology, and probably harder and more intensively than before. This is true because – should I say the obvious? – because the future is clearly moving to this. The development of artificial intelligence creates tremendous competitive advantages for any country that develops this technology. We will certainly do this. We are doing this now, and we will continue to do it. This process raises many ethical issues but we have grounds to boast in a good way in this respect because, as you certainly know, we are negotiating this with our leading companies and have reached agreements on it. They are creating the tools for self-monitoring in this area, on this platform, if you want to describe it in more precise or broader terms. This is critical because it is impossible to stop the development of artificial intelligence. This is an obvious fact. I am not inclined to agree with those who see this as some kind of end of the world scenario, who think there will be a point of no return. They believe humanity will not be able to go back to a human world, that after this point of no return it will enter a different era, an era of machines that will rule the world. However, it all depends on us, at least for today. This, in part, depends on the solution to the issues that have already been raised here by our friend and partner from the United States and our friends from other countries, notably, that we must come to terms with each other. This is so because if it gets out of control, it could do irreparable damage. It’s true. I have talked about this. When humanity realises the existence of some real dangers for itself if this technology gets out of control, I think the time for agreement will come. This will happen in the same way as conditions matured at one time for agreements on the non-proliferation and control of nuclear weapons. It is perfectly clear that we will have to come to terms on this at the international level. It seems to me that common sense will prevail, and we will be able to come to terms. It is impossible to stop the development of technology. This suggests the conclusion that we must move forward and be among the leaders. To be continued. Geography Krasnodar Territory Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: March 6, 2024, 22:50 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73616 Text version