Events Meeting of Talent and Success Foundation Board of Trustees Vladimir Putin chaired a meeting of the Talent and Success Foundation Board of Trustees via videoconference. May 11, 2022 16:10 Sochi Members of the Board of Trustees attending the meeting included Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Anton Vaino Vaino Anton Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , deputy prime ministers Tatyana Golikova Golikova Tatyana Deputy Prime Minister and Dmitry Chernyshenko Chernyshenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister , Presidential Aides Igor Levitin Levitin Igor Aide to the President and Andrei Fursenko Fursenko Andrei Aide to the President , Head of the Presidential Directorate for Science and Education Policy Inna Bilenkina, founders of the Talent and Success Educational Foundation President of the Russian Figure Skating Federation Alexander Gorshkov, Vice President for Development of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) Valery Kamensky, Artistic Director of the Dmitry Shostakovich St Petersburg Academic Philharmonic Hall Yury Temirkanov, and Executive Director of the Moscow Centre for Continuous Math Education Ivan Yashchenko. The meeting was also attended by Talent and Success Foundation Director Yelena Shmeleva and senior managers of the Sirius Science and Technology University. Before the meeting of the Talent and Success Foundation Board of Trustees, the President visited the Sirius Educational Centre created at his initiative using Olympic facilities in Sochi. At the recently finished Sport building, Vladimir Putin toured a swimming pool, a gym and multi-purpose sports halls. The President was also introduced to the development concepts of the educational centre, the science and technology cluster, and other clusters on the Sirius federal territory. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Colleagues, good afternoon. I am glad to see you all. Ms Shmeleva and I have just looked at the growing sports infrastructure at Sirius, walked around the Sports building for the educational centre students. I have no doubt that this place, as well as the entire Sirius federal territory, will pave the way for Russia’s future victories, not only in sports, but also in culture and art, science and technology. I mean, initially, Sirius was created primarily for the development of science, technology and education. Undoubtedly, young people’s energy and daring will help create new meanings, ideas and solutions. And Sirius will be a bright guiding star, living up to its name, and a guiding star for our talented young people, and not only in the span of the current decade, but for the entire 21 st century. The scale of the goals that we are setting for the Sirius team should be fully consistent with its highly responsible mission. I propose that we discuss the specific steps to achieve these goals at today's meeting of the Board of Trustees of the Talent and Success Foundation. Sirius is primarily designed to play a tangible role in strengthening the country’s technological sovereignty. This is always important, but particularly so today – I will not go into all the reasons now. But it is vital to fulfil our plans on creating a powerful innovation centre in the Imereti Valley. The centre’s modern laboratory complex is supposed to open this summer, which will considerably enhance the scientific and education base at Sirius University, which was established last year. (Addressing Yelena Shmeleva) When is the laboratory base supposed to open? In fact, it is in the process of opening, given that the laboratories are operating. Head of the Talent and Success Educational Foundation Yelena Shmeleva: Yes, of course. Vladimir Putin : How many laboratories are there? Yelena Shmeleva : The laboratories are operating. Our colleagues from there have just joined us and will talk about this in more detail. In fact, we are embracing more and more programmes – both scientific and education programmes. The first stage will be ready this summer. As for the second and third stages of this laboratory complex, we are planning to develop them with our partners as part of the cluster. Vladimir Putin : Excellent. In this context, it is very important to approach the selection of companies – residents of federal territory. It is necessary to introduce clear, objective requirements for assessing their performance in terms of efficiency and responsibility for reaching the desired results. I would like to emphasise the following point: this is not about claiming a place in the IT and biotechnology park or building some beautiful office, important as this may be. We are now in this building. It is perfectly obvious that it is very comfortable, beautiful and modern. One is tempted to come here and not just to visit but to do everything that the opportunities here offer. This is why offices are also important. This is true. But if businesses come to Sirius, they need to make real breakthroughs, achieve commercial success and make commercially viable products, because here at Sirius success should be part of every step. And it is essential to be directly involved in creating education programmes for training a large number of people capable to work with advanced technology. To be continued. Geography Krasnodar Territory Topics Children Professional training Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: May 11, 2022, 16:10 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68390 Text version