Events Presentation of Gold Star medals to Heroes of Russia On the eve of Heroes of the Fatherland Day, the ceremony to present Gold Star medals to Heroes of Russia took place in the Grand Kremlin Palace’s St George Hall. December 8, 2023 13:50 The Kremlin, Moscow Over 200 military personnel and civilians who demonstrated special courage and heroism attended the event, including Heroes of the Soviet Union, Heroes of the Russian Federation, holders of the Order of St George, and those awarded three or more Orders of Courage. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Colleagues, comrades, friends, today we honour the Heroes of the Fatherland here at the Kremlin’s St George Hall, which symbolises Russia’s military and battlefield greatness and glory. The outstanding feats, accomplishments and deeds of these heroes will remain forever in the annals of our state, our homeland. The fabric of popular memory is impermeable to time. We have been passing on from one generation to another the feeling of gratitude to our heroes and their courage and revered those who stood up to defend the freedom and independence of our Fatherland. We honour the hard work and talent of the great researchers, trailblazers, administrators, and cultural figures who contributed to Russia’s glory. Knowing and honouring heroes is our duty. We must do everything to make sure that we carry on with the goals they pursued and the ideals they had, using them as a foundation for shaping our future. The soldiers and officers, the fighters participating in the special military operation, including very young people, possess the same strong will and character as all the defenders of the Fatherland in the past centuries. Their remarkable heroism is a source of great pride for our country. It is a great honour for me to present them with the Gold Star medals of Hero of Russia today. They come from different parts of the country, from Karelia to the Primorye Territory, and from different ethnic groups. But they stand together side by side in defence of our shared, united Motherland. They demonstrated remarkable bravery and courage as members of assault groups. Commanders, some of whom are very young people, led their men by personal example, sometimes despite wounds, destroying enemy tanks and other armoured vehicles and artillery systems, including Western-made ones, thereby dispelling the myth of their invincibility. Many of those who have received state decorations effectively used modern technologies and drones to execute their combat tasks, while others risked their lives to save and evacuate the wounded. All those who have received state decorations today exhibited extraordinary heroism. Thank you for your dedicated service to the Motherland. You, your comrades-in-arms and all heroes of our country uphold honour, duty and selfless love for the Fatherland above all else. These values are paramount today, setting the highest standard of responsibility for each of us. And the selflessness and courage demonstrated by our fighters serve as examples to be emulated by workers and engineers at our defence enterprises, by the personnel of other economic sectors, who have not only risen to meet the challenges of sanctions but are increasing production, as well as by all our citizens, who are contributing to the strengthening of Russia’s economic, technological and cultural sovereignty. Your courage serves as inspiration for volunteers, who are supporting the front, and for all those who are eager to act for the benefit of the Fatherland. Millions of Russian citizens are resolved to stand together with the country and to act honestly in the face of adversity. I know this. I can see this during meetings with our people. I can feel their mood of solidarity. Today, combat heroism and labour valour, the strong will of our people and the unity of Russian society intertwine and complement each other. And all of us are united by our sincere and heartfelt love for Russia. It helps us to move forward, to do more and to overcome all obstacles. I have no doubt that we will certainly achieve all the goals we have set for ourselves, and that we will be able to tell our children and grandchildren that we and our comrades-in-arms did this for them, that we lived, worked and fought for their future. And they will be proud of us. Congratulations on Heroes of the Fatherland Day! <…> Eduard Kazymov : Comrade President of the Russian Federation, Dear guests, I would like to thank you for this high award. This is a recognition not only for me, but for our entire unit. I would like to share with you a message from our men on the frontline: “We believe in victory and will not retreat. We will stand our ground until the end.” Thank you. <…> Vladimir Putin : Dear friends, we can see that our heroes do not talk all that much, but they have shown their value on the battlefield. Their actions, and what they do, speak for themselves. I would like to congratulate you on receiving these decorations. You deserved to become Heroes of Russia. Please pass on my best wishes to your comrades in your divisions. The whole country is watching you, places its hopes in you and congratulates you on today’s decorations, and not just today during this ceremony, but every day. Happy Heroes of the Fatherland Day! Topics Armed Forces State decorations Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: December 8, 2023, 13:50 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72933 Text version