Events Working meeting with Head of Kabardino-Balkarian Republic Kazbek Kokov During his trip to Kabardino-Balkaria, Vladimir Putin held a working meeting with the region’s Head Kazbek Kokov. August 20, 2024 13:00 Germenchik village At the beginning of the meeting, Vladimir Putin congratulated Kazbek Kokov Kokov Kazbek Head of Kabardino-Balkarian Republic on the Kabardino-Balkarian Republic’s achievements in agriculture. In turn, the Head of the Republic thanked the President for the visit and reported on the socioeconomic situation in the region. During the first six months of 2024, industrial production in Kabardino-Balkaria grew by 15.9 percent, agriculture by 3.9 percent, and construction by 3.8 percent. Additionally, 19.6 billion rubles were invested in fixed capital, which is 33 percent higher than during the same period last year. See also All news about the trip to Kabardino-Balkaria August 20, 2024 The Republic maintains trends in the growth of its own revenues, which makes it possible to address many social issues. According to the Head of the Republic, national projects and support for all sectors of the economy are the drivers of economic development. Kazbek Kokov also informed Vladimir Putin on the demographic situation in the region and the improvement of the residents’ well-being. For example, public sector salaries in Kabardino-Balkaria have been increasing by 10 percent annually since 2021. The overall trend of growth in people’s real incomes also continues, with a 6.5 percent increase in the first quarter. There is a support system in place for families with children; in the Kabardino-Balkarian Republic (KBR) it caters to 150,000 children from birth to the age of 17. The Republic is implementing its own support measures, allocating 500,000 roubles for families to improve living conditions when a family has their fifth child. Starting from September 1, 2024, kindergarten fees will be reimbursed for all large families. With regard to preparations for the upcoming academic year, Kazbek Kokov said that six new schools will be opened by September 1, and another six will be overhauled. He also mentioned some problems, including a shortage of teachers, but reassured that they were working with the Ministry of Education to address this issue. Kazbek Kokov asked the President for assistance in exploring the possibility of building a large campus for the secondary vocational education institutions that train skilled workers. This category of workers is in high demand in the region. In conclusion, the President congratulated Kazbek Kokov on the birth of his grandson and promised to continue prioritising issues related to motherhood and childhood and to continue the programme of construction of modern medical facilities in this area. Geography Kabardino-Balkarian Republic Topics Regions Persons Kokov Kazbek Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: August 20, 2024, 13:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74895 Text version