Events Exhibition of quantum technology innovations Vladimir Putin visited an exhibition of Russian quantum technology achievements by Rosatom and Russian Railways on the sidelines of the Future Technologies Forum at the International Trade Centre. July 13, 2023 15:05 Moscow The President was accompanied by Rosatom Director General Alexei Likhachev Likhachev Alexei Director General of State Atomic Energy Corporation Rosatom , Russian Railways Director General and Chairman of the Executive Board Oleg Belozerov Belozerov Oleg General Director of Russian Railways and Co-founder of Russia’s International Centre for Quantum Optics and Quantum Technologies Ruslan Yunusov. The President was shown a new type of a computing device – a 16-qubit ion-based quantum computer. Via a cloud platform, the experts launched an algorithm for calculating a simple molecule – modeling it in real time. This quantum computer is the most powerful in Russia today. A team of scientists from the Russian Quantum Centre and the Lebedev Physics Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences designed it as part of the quantum computing roadmap with Rosatom’s coordination. Then Vladimir Putin was told about the key elements of the quantum computer component base, quantum sensors and quantum communications developments. The President saw thematic stands, related prototypes and industrial samples. In addition, the President saw some practical uses for quantum communications when the Centre for Managing and Monitoring the Russian Railways Quantum Network was connected via videoconference. There was also a communications session with users in Moscow and Nizhny Novgorod via the interuniversity quantum network. Lomonosov Moscow State University rector Viktor Sadovnichy and Nizhny Novgorod Governor Gleb Nikitin Nikitin Gleb Governor of Nizhny Novgorod Region , as well as others, took part in the video conferencing. Topics Science and innovation Telecommunications Persons Belozerov Oleg Likhachev Alexei Nikitin Gleb Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: July 13, 2023, 15:05 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71664 Text version