Events Meeting with Vladislav Kuznetsov Vladimir Putin met with Vladislav Kuznetsov, via videoconference. The President issued an executive order appointing Kuznetsov acting Governor of the Chukotka Autonomous Area after previously serving as first deputy head of the government of the Lugansk People’s Republic. March 15, 2023 21:20 The Kremlin, Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Good afternoon, Mr Kuznetsov. Vladislav Kuznetsov: Good afternoon, Mr President. Vladimir Putin: Mr Kuznetsov, how are you doing? What is your assessment of the situation in your current post? Vladislav Kuznetsov: Mr President, it is positive. Now, after integration into the Russian Federation, the government is drafting a plan for socioeconomic development until 2030 on your instruction. It has a detailed structural document for the next three years that maps out all the goals and tasks as well as priorities. So, we are steadily working on the republic’s economy and social sphere. Vladimir Putin: The process of joining the economy and the social and legal area is far from easy. Are you coping with the difficulties I have mentioned? Vladislav Kuznetsov: Yes, we are. Naturally, we started this work in advance and have already dealt with the majority of the problems, although integration into the legal sphere of the Russian Federation and its tax legislation will still take some time. We are also integrating our industry into the Russian Federation in cooperation with the relevant ministry and the Government of the Russian Federation. We have reflected all this in our plan. We have a clear understanding of where we are going and how we get there. Vladimir Putin: Do you have good working relationships with federal bodies? Are there any issues that require intervention by myself, the Government or the Government’s senior officials? Vladislav Kuznetsov: Mr President, everything is going very well. Our colleagues are very responsive and react very quickly. Mr Khusnullin is supervising and helping us as we go. So, I will not mention a single problem area right now. I am saying that there are many problematic issues but we are working together well to address them. Vladimir Putin: Excellent. You know about the potential administrative and personnel decisions involving offers you may receive. What is your attitude to this? Vladislav Kuznetsov: Mr President, I am ready to serve my Motherland wherever I am needed. When the opportunity arose to serve in the LPR, I volunteered, I had no doubts at all. If I have the honour of serving in the region you are referring to, I will be happy to be useful there. Vladimir Putin: All right, Mr Kuznetsov. We will return to this issue, and I hope that you will resolve all the problems you are facing with the same speed and skill you have displayed so far. I would like to thank you for that. You have very good experience working in different sections and areas – you worked in business, and big business at that, in administrative roles and in representative bodies of government. There is every indication that you can handle a job with such major responsibility, and I hope this will be the case. I would like to wish you good luck. Vyacheslav Kuznetsov: Mr President, thank you very much for your confidence. For me, this is an honour and an enormous responsibility. Thank you. Vladimir Putin: All the best. Good luck to you. Vyacheslav Kuznetsov: All the best to you. See also Executive Order on Acting Governor of Chukotka Autonomous Area March 15, 2023 Geography Lugansk People’s Republic Chukotka Autonomous Area Topics Civil service Regions Persons Kuznetsov Vladislav Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: March 15, 2023, 21:20 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70682 Text version