Events Meeting with President of Tajikistan Emomali Rahmon Vladimir Putin arrived in Dushanbe where he met with President of Tajikistan Emomali Rahmon. June 28, 2022 17:00 Dushanbe The agenda of the top-level talks included the development of Russian-Tajikistani allied relations of strategic partnership and regional issues, including the situation in Afghanistan. * * * President of Tajikistan Emomali Rahmon: Mr Putin, I am happy to welcome you in Tajikistan. Russia is an important strategic partner and an ally of Tajikistan, and relations between our countries are developing dynamically. The Russian Federation remains our leading trade and economic partner. In the first five months of this year, our trade increased by almost 50 percent. The regions in our countries are developing strong cooperation. As of today, over 80 Russian regions have business and other ties with Tajikistan. Our cultural and humanitarian cooperation is at a very high level. Russia is successfully completing the construction of five schools with instruction in the Russian language in Tajikistan. I would like to note our close cooperation in security. I am ready to discuss the status of and plans for our relations as well as international and regional issues with emphasis on the situation in Afghanistan. Welcome once again. I am very happy to see you in Dushanbe. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Thank you very much. Mr Rahmon, thank you for the invitation. We are meeting today in line with our agreements. We planned to meet earlier but unfortunately, there were pandemic-related restrictions. Now the situation seems to be improving, therefore, as we agreed during our previous meeting, we are holding this regular bilateral event today in the capital of Tajikistan. I am very happy to be in the friendly land of our ally in this part of the world. But before starting our conversation, I would like to sincerely congratulate you – you and all the people of Tajikistan – on your national holiday, the Day of National Unity that I think you celebrated yesterday. Emomali Rahmon: National Accord. Vladimir Putin: National Accord. I would like to sincerely wish all the best to all of Tajikistan, to you as the head of state and to all the people of Tajikistan. Indeed, our relations are very strong, trusting and of an allied nature. We work in all directions and do so actively. You noted the positive dynamics in our trade and economic ties. Indeed, both last year and in the first three or four months of this year, we have been showing record-breaking trade growth. You know that we introduced most favoured status – and you always raise these issues at our personal meetings – for Tajik citizens working in Russia. Today it can be stated that these people make a significant contribution to the development of our country's economy and are a kind of human “bridge,” a bridge of friendship between Russia and Tajikistan. Of course, security issues in the regional sense, both within the CSTO and as part of our bilateral relations, should and will be at the focus of our attention. I will brief you on those issues that are of greatest interest to Russia and are very sensitive; you are well aware of this. For my part, I will be happy to hear your opinion – and I am interested in it – about how relations are developing in the neighbouring country of Afghanistan. You know that we are doing our best to normalise the situation there. We are trying to build relations with the political forces that control the situation, but we are proceeding from the premise that all ethnic groups represented in Afghanistan, as stated before, should have a full part in governing the country. We will continue to work in this manner. We have contacts with all political forces in the country. Recently a representative delegation from Afghanistan attended the St Petersburg International Economic Forum. But certainly, you can see better what is happening there and what needs to be done to ensure that the situation in this region, in the zone of our joint responsibility is stable and does not threaten anyone, any neighbours, and benefits the multinational people of Afghanistan, as well. We have a lot of issues, and I am glad to have the opportunity to talk about them today. <…> Topics Foreign policy Persons Rahmon Emomali Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: June 28, 2022, 17:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68724 Text version