Events Meeting with Government members Vladimir Putin held a videoconference meeting with Government members. November 8, 2023 20:30 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Mishustin Mikhail Prime Minister of the Russian Federation , Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Anton Vaino Vaino Anton Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , First Deputy Prime Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei First Deputy Prime Minister , Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff Dmitry Grigorenko Grigorenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff , Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov Manturov Denis Deputy Prime Minister – Industry and Trade Minister , Deputy Prime Minister – Plenipotentiary Presidential Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District Yury Trutnev Trutnev Yury Deputy Prime Minister – Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District , deputy prime ministers Viktoria Abramchenko Abramchenko Viktoria Deputy Prime Minister , Tatyana Golikova Golikova Tatyana Deputy Prime Minister , Alexander Novak Novak Alexander Deputy Prime Minister , Alexei Overchuk, Marat Khusnullin Khusnullin Marat Deputy Prime Minister and Dmitry Chernyshenko Chernyshenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister , Presidential Aide Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Aide to the President , Minister of Economic Development Maxim Reshetnikov Reshetnikov Maxim Minister of Economic Development and Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov Siluanov Anton Finance Minister . In addition, the heads of several ministries and departments and executives of the Russian Popular Front were invited to the meeting. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, colleagues. Mr Murashko Murashko Mikhail Minister of Healthcare is our key speaker today. He will brief us on measures to combat oncological diseases. Incidentally, I visited the Dima Rogachev Centre today – probably you noticed this. I discussed this with Mr Mishustin this morning. I would like to thank the Healthcare Ministry for its serious attitude towards the work of this institution. Specialists have a number of questions, but we will discuss them later. They are asking for support and assistance on some specific problems. We will discuss this separately with the Minister afterwards. But before getting to the main item, let’s discuss some current issues. I would like to ask Mr Reshetnikov to start with the protection of people with a high debt burden. There are some changes in this issue and people should know about them. Of course, everyone should understand that all these actions are aimed at protecting the interests of our citizens. I would like to ask Mr Reshetnikov to speak about this problem in more detail. To be continued. Topics Banks Culture Economy and finance Healthcare Science and innovation Social services Sport Taxes 4 more Persons Chekunkov Alexei Golikova Tatyana Kozlov Alexander Kuznetsov Mikhail Lyubimova Olga Manturov Denis Matytsin Oleg Murashko Mikhail Nabiullina Elvira Reshetnikov Maxim 6 more Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: November 8, 2023, 20:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72692 Text version