Events Meeting with President of the Republic of the Congo Denis Sassou Nguesso Vladimir Putin met with President of the Republic of the Congo Denis Sassou Nguesso in the Constantine Palace. July 29, 2023 19:20 St Petersburg President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr President, friends, I am glad that we have an opportunity to hold our bilateral meeting, but I would like to thank you once again for finding the time to come to St Petersburg and personally participate in the Russia–Africa summit. I don’t know what you think, but I believe it was held at a very good level and with good results. Our bilateral ties with the Republic of the Congo are strong and based on the traditions of friendship, mutual understanding and support for each other. Next year we will celebrate the 60 th anniversary of diplomatic relations between our countries: relations were established on March 16, 1964. Mr President, we value the personal attention that you put into promoting bilateral political dialogue. This is your fourth visit to Russia. We appreciate it very much. In March, a representative delegation of the Congolese Parliament led by the president of the Senate took part in the Russia-Africa International Parliamentary Conference in Moscow. Following your visit to Moscow in May 2019, we managed to give an additional boost to cooperation in the field of nuclear and hydropower, as well as hydrocarbon production. In January-April of 2023, bilateral trade increased by 85 percent, which is a good indicator. Leading Russian companies, including LUKOIL and Yandex, operate effectively in the republic. Rosatom plans to launch a number of large projects. There is no doubt that trade and economic cooperation has significant growth potential. Of course, we will continue training Congolese students in leading Russian universities at the expense of the state budget. In the 2023/24 academic year, the number of state scholarships for the Congo has been increased to 250 people. Russia and the Republic of the Congo are fruitfully cooperating at the UN and other international platforms. The Congo supports most of the Russian draft resolutions, including those on combating the glorification of Nazism, no first placement of weapons in outer space, information security and others. A little over a month ago, we and the leaders and heads of delegations of several African states, including your representative, discussed here in St Petersburg possible ways to resolve the situation around Ukraine. Yesterday we also had the opportunity to continue the discussion with your active participation, Mr President. I believe a very frank and useful discussion took place. And of course, I will be glad to see you tomorrow at the Main Naval Parade. Thank you. To be continued. See also Russia–Africa Summit July 28, 2023 Geography Congo Topics Foreign policy Persons Sassou-Nguesso Denis Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 29, 2023, 19:20 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71843 Text version