Events Ceremony for presenting the Order of St Andrew the Apostle the First-Called to President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko Vladimir Putin presented the Order of St Andrew the Apostle the First-Called, the highest state decoration of the Russian Federation, to President of the Republic of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko in a ceremony held in St Andrew’s Hall of the Grand Kremlin Palace. October 9, 2024 15:15 The Kremlin, Moscow Alexander Lukashenko Lukashenko Alexander President of Belarus was decorated for his outstanding achievements in developing allied relations and strategic partnership between Russia and Belarus, strengthening friendly ties between the peoples of Russia and Belarus, as well as for making a significant personal contribution to the creation of the Union State and ensuring its effective operation. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr Lukashenko, friends, We have gathered in St Andrew’s Hall of the Grand Kremlin Palace to take part in a ceremony for presenting the highest state decoration of the Russian Federation, the Order of St Andrew the Apostle the First-Called, to President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko. This is Russia’s oldest order, instituted more than three centuries ago by Peter the Great in honour of St Andrew the Apostle the First-Called, who was a Christian saint, religious leader, apostle and martyr. He is also the patron of the Russian land and the Orthodox Church and has enjoyed special respect in both Russia and Belarus. According to the statute for this order, it can be awarded to prominent Russian government officials, as well as foreign leaders for their outstanding service in strengthening ties with our country. Mr Lukashenko, you certainly are worthy of this high decoration. By bestowing the Order of St Andrew the Apostle the First-Called upon you, Russia expresses its gratitude for your outstanding contribution to developing Russia-Belarus relations, alliance and strategic partnership. These relations rest on a solid foundation formed by the perennial principles of friendship and cooperation, mutual respect and due regard for each other’s interests, as well as shared spiritual values, and the fact that many people in Russia and Belarus have close family ties. This solid foundation has served as a bedrock for Russia and Belarus in their efforts to build the Union State, which has effectively guaranteed our common defence and security, and created a common economic, legal and humanitarian space. Mr Lukashenko, you stood at the roots of the Union State and made a meaningful contribution to strengthening and developing it. We know you as a persistent and unwavering advocate of preserving and expanding close ties across the space formed by the Commonwealth of Independent States. You have been proactive in your efforts to promote mutually beneficial cooperation within the Eurasian Economic Union and the Collective Security Treaty Organisation. These efforts now include the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation after Belarus joined it. You and I have maintained an ongoing dialogue and held regular meetings, talking to each other on the telephone and discussing pressing bilateral matters as well as major regional and international issues. I sincerely value the positive personal relationship we have developed over these years of working together. I am certain that our combined efforts will enable us to make further strides in promoting Russia-Belarus cooperation. We will seek to further reinforce our mutually beneficial economic ties and close contacts, while effectively ensuring security for our countries and the Union State. Mr Lukashenko, I would like to extend my heartfelt congratulations to you on receiving Russia’s highest state decoration and wish you good health and success in your public duties. I wish the people of Belarus, our brotherly nation, peace, stability and prosperity. Thank you. See also President of Belarus received the Order of St Andrew the Apostle the First-Called August 30, 2024 See also Meeting with President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko October 9, 2024 Geography Belarus Topics State decorations Persons Lukashenko Alexander Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: October 9, 2024, 15:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75292 Text version