Events Meeting with Sevastopol Governor Mikhail Razvozhayev Governor of the city of federal importance Sevastopol Mikhail Razvozhayev briefed the President on the city’s socioeconomic development in 2023. February 19, 2024 13:40 The Kremlin, Moscow Mikhail Razvozhayev Razvozhayev Mikhail Governor of Sevastopol told the President about the process of forming the regional budget in view of the current challenging economic conditions on the peninsula. He also highlighted the growing population, with 561,000 people currently registered in the city. The unemployment rate stands at 2.6 percent, which is lower than the national average. Noteworthy indicators include annual investments totalling 96 billion rubles, GRP of 203 billion rubles, and an industrial production index of 111. The Governor reminded the President that the state programme had been extended to 2027 with a possible extension to 2030. Thanks to this mechanism, Sevastopol has been developing at an advanced rate, helping to compensate for the previous 30 years of stagnation under Ukraine. The Governor named several facilities [that have been built], including a large modern outpatient clinic (the city has not seen such clinics since Soviet times), four kindergartens, and three sports and fitness centres. The project to connect households to the gas distribution network is underway, although there are difficulties because the region has many nature reserves and protected areas. The Taurida motorway is almost complete. Fifty-two cell towers have been built, leading to a substantial improvement in citywide communications. Education facilities, such as the Investigative Committee’s cadet school, are under development. The existing demand for kindergartens in Sevastopol has been met completely. Sevastopol has received 1.4 billion rubles under the programme for complete school overhaul works over the past two years, facilitating the repair and renovation of 20 facilities. Healthcare facilities are also undergoing renovation; 3,000 pieces of equipment worth 562 million rubles were purchased under national project, including heavy machinery. Mikhail Razvozhayev also talked about providing orphaned children with flats, as well as projects to renovate cultural landmarks as part of a related federal targeted programme and the Culture national project, plus sports facilities, new roads and housing, the development of winegrowing and fisheries. The Governor said the presidential projects are under special control. They include a school in Chersonese, the Korsun art school (currently accommodating 971 students), and a branch of the Artek children’s centre. At Presidential instruction, plans call for building a central city park covering 15 hectares. The first three facilities – a theatre, a choreography school, which is almost complete, and a museum, – are being built and landscaping of the adjacent area is underway. The construction of a marina is 17 percent complete. Mikhail Razvozhayev told the President about the patronage assistance provided to the Melitopol District in the Zaporozhye Region. In 2022, the construction of a series of facilities was initiated; currently, efforts are underway in the housing and utilities sector, as it is currently very much needed. The Governor reported on support for the participants in the special military operation and their families, in particular, providing free land plots for the construction of houses for Sevastopol residents who are currently serving in the special military operation zone. In conclusion, the Governor addressed the President with a request. On May 9, 2024, Sevastopol will mark the 80 th anniversary of liberation from the Nazi invaders. The Governor noted the unique significance of the history of the defence and liberation of Sevastopol for the country and asked the President to give instructions to the Government to establish a federal-level organising committee similar to the one formed for celebrating the 80 th anniversary of the lifting of the siege of Leningrad. Additionally, he asked the President to issue an instruction to make payments from the Presidential Fund to the residents of besieged Sevastopol and those who were honoured with medals for the defence and liberation of Sevastopol. Vladimir Putin supported this initiative. Geography Sevastopol Topics Regions Persons Razvozhayev Mikhail Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: February 19, 2024, 13:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73489 Text version