Events A message of greetings on the 300th anniversary of Yekaterinburg Vladimir Putin sent a message of greetings to the residents of Yekaterinburg and the Sverdlovsk Region on the 300 th anniversary of Yekaterinburg. August 19, 2023 10:30 The message of greetings reads, in part: Many generations of people in the Urals capital have written bright, unforgettable pages in the history of the Fatherland and the strengthening of the country’s industrial might, its defence and scientific potential. You are rightly proud of the names of the founders of Yekaterinburg and the brilliant galaxy of people born in your land. They include outstanding military and state leaders, scientists and politicians, writers and poets, representatives of the creative intelligentsia. Their professional accomplishments and military feats will always be a worthy example of devotion to duty and selfless service to the Motherland. And, of course, the people will always remember the courage and stamina of your co-residents that heroically fought on the fronts of the Great Patriotic War and kept a permanent labour watch on the home front, at defence plants and factories, in mines and hospitals. Today, the people of Yekaterinburg are defending Russia just as selflessly in the course of the special military operation. Today, Yekaterinburg proudly bears the honourable title of City of Labour Valour. Located on the line between Europe and Asia, it is one of the country’s biggest economic, educational, cultural and tourist centres. Despite its considerable age, the city remains young at heart. It is implementing large-scale initiatives in industry and the social area, building up its housing construction pace and improving its transport infrastructure. The city is open to new, bold and ambitious undertakings. It is striving to be comfortable and attractive and be truly loved and dear to people of many ages, professions and vocations. I sincerely wish you success, wellbeing and the fulfillment of your plans. Topics Regions Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: August 19, 2023, 10:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72074 Text version