Events Telephone conversation with President of Turkiye Recep Tayyip Erdogan Vladimir Putin had a telephone conversation with President of the Republic of Turkiye Recep Tayyip Erdogan. November 1, 2022 18:35 An in-depth exchange of views was held focusing on the current status of the efforts to implement the agreements on exporting grain from Black Sea ports that had been reached with the Turkish side. Vladimir Putin provided an update clarifying the reasons for Russia's decision to suspend the deal. It was emphasised that, with the support of its Western curators, the Kiev regime used the maritime humanitarian corridor that had been created for the purpose of transporting Ukrainian grain to carry out attacks against the Russian Black Sea Fleet infrastructure and ships in Sevastopol, which ensured the safe operation of the above route. It is imperative to conduct a detailed investigation into the circumstances of this incident and have Kiev provide real guarantees of strict compliance with the Istanbul agreements, in particular, of not using the humanitarian corridor for military purposes. Only then will it be possible to review the resumption of work within this Black Sea Initiative. The President of Russia noted the failure to fulfill the second part of the package agreements on unblocking Russian agricultural produce and fertiliser exports to global markets. Also, attention was drawn to the fact that the top-priority goal of delivering food to the neediest countries has not been fulfilled over the three months that these agreements had been in effect. In this regard, Russia's willingness to supply significant amounts of grain and fertiliser to Africa free of charge was reiterated. The outcome of the trilateral meeting between the President of the Russian Federation, President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev Aliyev Ilham President of Azerbaijan and Prime Minister of the Republic of Armenia Nikol Pashinyan Pashinyan Nikol Prime Minister of the Republic of Armenia in Sochi on October 31 were discussed as well. Dialogue continued on some important bilateral aspects with an emphasis on promising economy-related projects. Taking the opportunity, Vladimir Putin once again congratulated Recep Tayyip Erdogan Erdogan Recep Tayyip President of Türkiye on Turkiye’s national holiday – Republic Day – that was marked on October 29. It was agreed to maintain regular bilateral contacts at different levels. Geography Türkiye Topics Foreign policy Persons Erdogan Recep Tayyip Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: November 1, 2022, 18:35 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69736 Text version