Events Meeting with Primorye Territory Governor Oleg Kozhemyako The President had a working meeting with Governor of the Primorye Territory Oleg Kozhemyako. The discussion focused on the region’s socioeconomic development. September 6, 2022 18:50 Russky Island, Primorye Territory Vladimir Putin asked the Governor to report on the aftermath of the typhoon that has hit Russia’s Far Eastern regions. Oleg Kozhemyako Kozhemyako Oleg Governor of Primorye Territory noted that the President had been able to witness the typhoon for himself this time, adding that it had no special impact, although the typhoon passed through seven urban areas. The Lazovsky District was affected the most, with 13 communities cut off and several bridges washed away. But the Emergencies Ministry rescuers are already on their way with the necessary equipment, and in the next few hours, a search and rescue team will fly there by helicopter to monitor the situation. As for the socioeconomic situation, according to the Governor, the region’s economy is stable. Tax and non-tax revenues have grown 14 percent. Unemployment is at 3.1 percent, one of the lowest rates in the country. At the same time, there are 53,000 job openings for 9,000 unemployed. In terms of social entrepreneurship, the region ranks fourth in Russia; 48,000 self-employed workers have legalised their operations. Every fourth entrepreneur in the Far East is from the Primorye Territory, Mr Kozhemyako noted. The discussion also touched on the further progress of large projects, such as the Zvezda plant and the Primorsky Metallurgical Plant. The region is also working to develop tourism. Mr Kozhemyako asked the President to support the Belaya Gora ski resort project. He also made a request concerning the further development of the Far Eastern mortgage programme. The President promised to consider this matter. Oleg Kozhemyako said that agriculture was growing fast in Primorye, at 25 percent; there has been a big increase in meat production after two large pig farms, Rusagro and Mercy Trade, opened there. Exports can now be considered, he said, but not before the region boosts corn and soybean planting; at present, this is hindered by restrictions on the Far East in terms of corn exports quota and duty on soybean exports. Vladimir Putin promised to discuss this with the Minister of Agriculture. Geography Primorye Territory Topics Regions Persons Kozhemyako Oleg Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: September 6, 2022, 18:50 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69295 Text version