Events Greetings to participants, organizers and guests of the 25th St Petersburg International Economic Forum Vladimir Putin sent greetings to participants, organizers and guests of the 25 th St Petersburg International Economic Forum. June 6, 2022 12:00 The message reads, in part: “This year marks the 25 th anniversary of the St Petersburg International Economic Forum. I sincerely congratulate the Forum organizers and all those who have taken and are taking part in its work on this significant anniversary. Over the years, the Forum has become a highly respected and representative international event. Its participants, which include Russian and foreign politicians, scientists and entrepreneurs, focus on a variety of topics concerning the domestic and world economy: from specific areas of industrial cooperation to information security and environmental protection. Mutually beneficial long-term contracts are signed and business experience is exchanged in the course of direct and constructive communication. The Forum’s anniversary is taking place at a difficult time for the entire international community. The mistakes of Western countries in economic policy over many years and illegitimate sanctions have led to a wave of global inflation, the disruption of usual supply chains, and a sharp increase in poverty and food shortages. Yet, as can be the case, along with these challenges, new prospects are emerging. This is why the Forum’s slogan – New Opportunities in a New World – seems so relevant. I am confident that for Russia the 2020s will become a period when the country strengthens its economic sovereignty, which involves the accelerated development of its infrastructure and technological base, qualitative upgrades in the level of training for specialists, as well as the establishment of an independent and efficient financial system. In addition, the Russian economy will increasingly rely on private initiatives and, of course, will remain committed to transparency and broad international cooperation. It is in our common interests to bolster trade and investment, encourage the joint development of technologies, strengthen financial and stock markets, and increase the share of settlements in national currencies. It is crucial to introduce and develop truly mutually beneficial integration models, as is already being done in the Eurasian Economic Union. I strongly believe that the Forum will continue to make a significant contribution to solving numerous high-priority challenges facing humanity, while mutual trust, meaningfulness and commitment to fruitful dialogue and partnership will invariably remain its distinguishing features.” Topics Economy and finance Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: June 6, 2022, 12:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68578 Text version