Events Russia International Exhibition and Forum Vladimir Putin visited Russia International Exhibition and Forum December 4, 2023 16:00 Moscow Near the main entrance arch at VDNKh, Vladimir Putin examined a 166-metre long multimedia installation “Russia’s Achievements” and the “Alley of Glory,” organised by the Znaniye society and dedicated to the victories of Russian athletes. Then the President visited the exposition, “The First in Russia –Land of Opportunity” organised by the Russian movement of children and youth, “The Movement of the First” in cooperation with the platform “Russia – Land of Opportunity.” Eight halls are dedicated to Russia’s achievements, outstanding people and modern technology that is changing the country. The pavilion has unique interactive space where Sber’s Kandinsky neural network allows every visitor to create a visual projection of his or her dream. Members of the Movement of the First gave Vladimir Putin a tour around. Then President also visited the “Made by Us” exposition by the Ministry of Industry and Trade. Its ten thematic halls host hundreds of installations about the challenges faced by Russian businesses and inventors and the latest industrial achievements in the regions. In addition, Vladimir Putin visited the Atom exhibition pavilion. This large exposition illustrates the history of Russian nuclear physics and atomic weapons and the technology of using nuclear energy for peaceful and defence purposes. Russia International Exhibition and Forum opened at VDNKh in Moscow on November 4, 2023, and will run 161 days until April 12, 2024, from National Unity Day to Cosmonautics Day. For the first time in Russia’s recent history, its national achievements are presented in a comprehensible visual form at one venue. The exhibition features 31 expositions, including stands of all 89 regions, government agencies, state corporations, large companies, and public associations. Topics Culture Regions Science and innovation Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: December 4, 2023, 16:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72901 Text version