Events Russia‒Turkmenistan talks Vladimir Putin and President of Turkmenistan Serdar Berdimuhamedov, who is paying an official visit to Russia, held talks in the Kremlin. June 10, 2022 15:30 The Kremlin, Moscow The presidents discussed further development of cooperation between the two countries in politics, trade and the economy, humanitarian affairs, as well as topical regional and international issues. Serdar Berdimuhamedov Berdimuhamedov Serdar President of Turkmenistan ’s official visit to Russia is his first foreign trip after his inauguration as the President of Turkmenistan on March 19, 2022. * * * Beginning of conversation with President of Turkmenistan Serdar Berdimuhamedov President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr Berdimuhamedov, I am very glad to see you. Welcome to Russia. We are very pleased that you are making your first foreign state visit to our country. This is yet another indication of our special relationship. Thanks to your predecessor in this high post, Mr Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov, we advanced our cooperation to a truly strategic level. Today, we will also sign a very important document concerning our further relations. I would like to note that, over the year of the pandemic, our mutual trade, unfortunately, declined slightly, by just over 10 percent. But currently, despite all the external difficulties, we have increased our trade by more than 40 percent over the first quarter [of 2022]. It is very significant progress. Only recently, we celebrated several anniversaries, including 30 years of our diplomatic relations. Russia and Turkmenistan develop their relationships across all areas and I am pleased to note that they are, not formally but genuinely, strategic. We are delighted to see you. Welcome. And, of course, please pass on my best wishes of future success and, naturally, good health to the former president and my good friend [Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov]. President of Turkmenistan Serdar Berdimuhamedov : Thank you very much. Mr President, First of all, I would like to express my gratitude to you for your invitation to visit the Russian Federation. This is my first visit to the Russian Federation as the President of Turkmenistan. Also, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate you and all Russian people on the upcoming Russia Day. I wish you peace, well-being and prosperity. Mr President, This year, as you correctly noted, we are celebrating the 30 th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation. Over these years, our bilateral ties have expanded in the widest range of areas. I would also like to note that this year, we are marking 20 years of the Treaty of Friendship and Cooperation between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation that we signed in Ashgabat. This document became an important milestone in the history of relations between our states and contributed to the development of Turkmenistan-Russia relations based on mutual respect, trust and consideration of each other's interests. Taking this opportunity, I would like to congratulate you, Mr President, on these two anniversaries and express my gratitude to you for your personal contribution to the expansion and strengthening of bilateral ties between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation. I want to thank you for the warm welcome and your hospitality. Mr Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov also sent his best regards and I would like to convey them to you. Thank you very much. Vladimir Putin : Thank you. I know that your visit includes many events. I know that yesterday there were meetings between the ministers and deputy prime ministers. This always happens as part of a top-level visit. All colleagues get together and do a lot of work, and I am sure that, in addition to the Declaration we are signing today, the entire range of joint work done during your visit will definitely benefit and advance our relations. Thank you. Serdar Berdimuhamedov: Mr President, I would also like to note that Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation are maintaining a high level of political, diplomatic, trade, economic, cultural and humanitarian cooperation based on strategic partnership. To date, Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation have signed 288 international documents, including such fundamental ones as the Treaty of Friendship and Cooperation and the Treaty on Strategic Partnership. As for trade and economic ties, I would like to note that the Russian Federation is one of Turkmenistan’s largest trade partners. We maintain economic cooperation not only in energy, but also in industry, transport, infrastructure development and other spheres. Today, Turkmenistan is not only buying large batches of automobile, marine and aviation equipment from Russia, but also offers Russian companies an opportunity to take an active part in the implementation of economic projects in our country. I would like to point out that one of the main spheres of bilateral cooperation is our interaction in culture and humanitarian activities, primarily in education, culture and healthcare. Partner relations with Russian regions are playing a major role in bilateral cooperation. I would like to note our productive interaction with the Republic of Tatarstan, St Petersburg, the Astrakhan Region and other entities of the Russian Federation. Interparliamentary ties are among the main areas of bilateral cooperation. There are good contacts between the deputies of the lower house (Mejlis) of the National Council of Turkmenistan and members of the Federation Council and deputies of the State Duma of Russia. I would also like to mention the successful first Interparliamentary Forum [of the Central Asian nations and the Russian Federation] and the first Dialogue of Women of Central Asia and Russia, which were held on May 12 and 13 in Ashgabat. The Interparliamentary Forum provided a platform for strengthening cooperation between the legislative authorities of our countries. Mr President, I would like to point out once again that Turkmenistan is paying considerable attention to cooperation with the Russian Federation. I would like to take this opportunity to invite you to make an official visit to Turkmenistan at your convenience. Once again, thank you for a warm and hospitable welcome. Vladimir Putin: Thank you. I will definitely take advantage of your invitation. <…> Geography Turkmenistan Topics Foreign policy Persons Berdimuhamedov Serdar Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: June 10, 2022, 15:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68611 Text version