Events Meeting with Head of Karachayevo-Circassia Rashid Temrezov Vladimir Putin held a working meeting with Head of Karachayevo-Circassia Rashid Temrezov. The discussion focused on the region’s socioeconomic development. February 26, 2024 13:50 The Kremlin, Moscow At the beginning of the meeting, the President noted that the state of affairs in the republic as a whole was quite satisfactory. Industrial and agricultural production is growing. Unemployment has dropped significantly, to 5 percent, although it still exceeds the national average. However, there are also issues that require special attention. Rashid Temrezov Temrezov Rashid Head of Karachayevo-Circassian Republic began his report with the situation in the housing construction sector, noting that the republic is in the top three or four in the country in terms of newly built square metres per capita. Investment in fixed capital has increased by 18 percent and continues to grow. There are regional programmes to support families. According to Mr Temrezov, almost every third family in the republic has several children. The republic ranks sixth in the Russian Federation in terms of life expectancy. The Head of Karachayevo-Circassia also spoke about measures to support participants in the special military operation and members of their families. Sponsorship contacts with the Starobelsky District of Lugansk are developing. Vladimir Putin and Rashid Temrezov also discussed the republic’s participation in national projects: 486 facilities have been built since 2018. Forty-five schools have undergone major repairs, and this year, funds have been allocated for the overhaul of 12 kindergartens. Mr Temrezov asked the President to develop a similar rebuilding programme for kindergartens as it did for schools. The President promised to raise this issue with the Government. Rashid Temrezov thanked the President for supporting the construction of a theatre. The only large drama theatre in the republic was closed ten years ago due to the emergency state of the building. Construction will begin this year with support from the Government of the Russian Federation. A new youth innovation art centre will also be built. Answering the President’s question about the development of alpine skiing in the republic, Mr Temrezov said that in 2023, two million tourists visited Karachayevo-Circassia, which has a population of only 500,000. The general season continues, snow conditions are good, and the Arkhyz ski resort offers evening skiing on illuminated slopes. It is very popular among tourists. Geography Karachayevo-Circassian Republic Topics Armed Forces Children Economy and finance Regions Social services Tourism 2 more Persons Temrezov Rashid Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: February 26, 2024, 13:50 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73549 Text version