Events Address on Interior Ministry Personnel Day November 10, 2024 00:00 Address on Interior Ministry Personnel Day. President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Comrades, dear veterans. Congratulations on Interior Ministry Personnel Day. Today we honour real professionals, for whom serving the nation, ensuring order in society, protecting the rights and security of our citizens has become a life’s cause. At all times the best officers of the Interior Ministry demonstrated courage, integrity, a firm belief in the rule of the law and justice. They also helped educate new generations based on the traditions of honour, patriotism and loyalty to their duty. On this day, we pay tribute to the veterans of the Interior Ministry and celebrate the courage and selfless dedication of the soldiers of law and order, who became true legends of their units, including in the years of the Great Patriotic War. These days, officers of the Interior Ministry are adding new glorious traditions to the history of their agency. This year alone, 659 officers have been decorated with state awards. Among them are those who, despite the deadly danger, did not waver and did not retreat, who died as heroes while performing their duties. We will always remember and honour their feats. We are proud of everyone who honestly and impeccably fulfils his or her duty, faithfully serves the Motherland and our people. Dear comrades. Today the citizens of Russia expect even greater dedication and better performance from you in all key areas of your work, first of all, in your merciless efforts to against crime. They expect you to be tough on terrorism, drug trafficking, illegal migration, and to make our roads safe. We also need to be proactive in suppressing extremism in all its forms and manifestations. It threatens our sovereignty, constitutional order and human security. Today, I would like to highlight the courageous work of internal affairs units in the regions that are in close proximity to the line of contact. The situation there is quite challenging and people and civilians need your help and protection. I am confident that you will do everything necessary to ensure their safety and will promptly resolve all the issues that citizens bring to you. I thank all the employees of the Interior Ministry for their competent, decisive action, including in extraordinary situations, for their significant contribution to fulfilling the objectives of the special military operation. I believe in your professionalism, that you will continue to serve in all areas entrusted to you in a well-coordinated and efficient manner, to work in the interests and for the benefit of our citizens, society and the state. Once again, I congratulate the veterans, all staff of the Interior Ministry’s agencies, your families and loved ones on this holiday. I wish you good health and new successes. Topics Fight against crime Law enforcement agencies Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: November 10, 2024, 00:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75529 Text version