Events Greetings to participants and guests of the 15th International Economic Forum “Russia – Islamic World: KazanForum” Vladimir Putin sent greetings to the participants and guests of the 15 th International Economic Forum “Russia – Islamic World: KazanForum,” underway in Kazan. May 10, 2024 09:00 The message reads, in part: “Tatarstan is once again clearly demonstrating its abundant potential and strong commitment to progress in various areas. The region’s achievements in the economy, social sphere, science and culture are truly impressive and serve as tangible proof of the significant contribution that Russian Muslims, and people from all ethnic groups living in the Republic, make to developing the Fatherland, strengthening its sovereignty and influence in the world, and ensuring stability and harmony in our society. Russia values its traditionally friendly ties with Muslim countries. We highly appreciate their desire to pursue an independent foreign policy and increase their role in international affairs. Together, we stand for the formation of a democratic multipolar world order, based on the rule of law and principles of justice, free from any form of dictatorship and discrimination. Of course, we are also committed to expanding mutually beneficial cooperation in all areas, from trade and investment to sports and tourism. We believe the next meeting of the Russia – Islamic World Strategic Vision Working Group, organised together with representatives of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, is of great importance. It is also important that Russia’s interaction with this authoritative international association on current issues of the regional and global agenda is progressing. I believe that the work of the Forum will be meaningful and constructive as always and will be held in a spirit of openness and trust. It will serve to further promote the friendship and creative partnership between our countries and peoples.” Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: May 10, 2024, 09:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74008 Text version