Events Meeting of the Council of Legislators On the eve of the Day of Russian Parliamentarism, Vladimir Putin met with members of the Council of Legislators. By tradition, the event took place in St Petersburg’s Tauride Palace. April 26, 2024 15:00 St Petersburg President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, colleagues, I am happy to see you and congratulate the Council of Legislators and all your colleagues – senators and deputies – on the forthcoming Day of Russian Parliamentarism. Celebrating this holiday, we are giving tribute to the traditions of our statehood and lawmaking, as well as the history of the establishment and development of the institutions of people’s power. Time itself and the events we are going through prove the importance of such continuity. They show how important it is to strengthen parliamentarism and the overall socio-political system of Russia proceeding from our original experience. It is necessary to ensure its stability and at the same time to create conditions for its openness and renovation, for the fair competition between different political forces with the unconditional and clear understanding of the priority of national interests and the security of our state, as well as a common desire to seek together the most effective solutions to issues that are vital for the people. In this context, I would like to note the constructive interaction of the legislative bodies and parliamentary parties with the Government of Russia, the heads of the regions and the business and expert communities. This concerns all areas – the economy, the social area and the development of the regions. And of course, a special, unifying issue for all of us is the support for our heroes, the families of veterans and participants in the special military operation. The most important legislative acts have been adopted and additional legal and social guarantees have been created. I would like to ask you to continue improving them and to continuously adjust them to specific situations. Here is what I would like to add. As you are aware, the special personnel training programme, Time of Heroes, is already underway. Who are these people? They are soldiers and officers who have shown true character, as well as leadership and high human qualities, in combat situations. I am confident that they will prove themselves just as honourably in their future work in government bodies, education, mentoring, and other leading positions across all spheres. Colleagues, I very much hope that the political parties will widely nominate and support such candidates during election campaigns at all levels. Here is what I would like to bring your attention to. This is not a fleeting campaign, and I want everyone to be clear about it. This is the environment, the people who will form the pool from which we will choose people for future work, people who are ready to serve Russia, who are serving Russia now, without sparing themselves, their health, or their lives. Of course, what matters here is a person’s readiness to take on a new type of activity, and not only their readiness, but also their desire. It is important for a person to choose the kind of activity they are suited for, and where they see themselves working. There are many considerations and angles to it. All of that must be looked into carefully and properly analysed in order for us to be able to make good decisions. Colleagues, the presidential election took place last March. An important process lies ahead, which is the formation of a new Government. The parliament will need to exercise its constitutional powers that were established in 2020 by amendments to the Fundamental Law and approved by the nationwide vote. I am confident that parliamentarians will not fail us and live up to expectations of our citizens to increase the role of the legislative authorities, show responsibility and willingness to work together on the development agenda. On March 19, at a meeting with the leaders of the parliamentary parties represented in the State Duma, we talked about the implementation of our long-term programme outlined in the Address to the Federal Assembly. Importantly, a number of initiatives included in the Address were at some point discussed and put forward by the parliamentarians, the representatives of different political forces, regions and municipalities, as well as citizens. I hope we will also work together to implement everything planned in the economy, science and technology, culture, and the social sphere in the broad sense of the word. The saving of the people, the wellbeing of Russian families, and strengthening the sovereignty of our country should lead our agenda. A lot here depends on regional and local authorities and their involvement in the common work. In a country as large as Russia, it is important to take into account the problems and the opportunities, as well as the potential of each constituent entity of the Federation, and, if needed, we must help unlock this potential. I am now addressing the heads of legislative assemblies and the chairs of the specialised committees of the State Duma and the Federation Council. When adopting budgets and key laws, everyone should follow the single logic and be mindful of the common objectives of the country. We should use the parliamentary control tools to maximise the targeted effect of each decision and investment. I am aware of the fact that the Council of Legislators is already drafting recommendations concerning our national projects’ content and funding priorities in the coming years. I am confident that the Government will certainly act on these proposals. I also hope for the active involvement of the Council of Legislators in the consolidation of the most effective regional practices, experimental legal regimes and pilot projects. This concerns, among other things, the development of a new model of labour compensation for teachers, doctors, and other public sector professionals, which should be addressed at the regional level within the next year. This task is difficult, large-scale, and capital-intensive, but extremely important. And, of course, I urge all legislators to give special attention to issues of interethnic harmony and civil peace. We always emphasise this. The diversity of ethnic groups, traditions, and cultures in our country is undoubtedly our shared heritage and a competitive advantage. Why? These are not mere words, as each ethnic group and every people complement one another, making us collectively stronger. This diversity also helps us foster friendly relations with most countries worldwide and contribute to the establishment of a just multipolar international order based on mutual trust, respect, and the identity of our peoples. All of these aspects are vital considerations when planning work in this area. I also want to ask you to consider such pragmatic, balanced approaches in parliamentary diplomacy and to intensify efforts in this regard, enhancing contacts with our allies and partners in the EAEU, CSTO, CIS, SCO, and, of course, the promising and expanding association of BRICS, all the more so as this year marks the tenth anniversary of the BRICS Parliamentary Forum, which is scheduled to take place under our chairmanship. Colleagues, friends. The amount of work ahead of us is great. I ask you to review federal and regional legislation related to the realisation of our priorities and the attainment of national development goals quickly and efficiently, thoroughly and in a professional way. Please also make active use of modern technological opportunities, digital platforms for the broad discussion of initiatives and getting prompt feedback from citizens. Such innovations are undoubtedly helpful, but I would like to emphasise that they cannot substitute for the meticulous, deliberate efforts of legislators. We must continue improving the quality of legal writing and the culture of legislation. Laws should be clear, understandable and effective in terms of their enforcement. In this context, I would like to recall the words of the distinguished Russian scientist and legal expert, Iosif Pokrovsky. Over a century ago, he said that the basic requirements to law are, above all, to be clear and precise. We should not only take pride in the profound traditions of our legal school but also apply its abundant heritage in our present-day practices. In this regard, the stance of the Council of Legislators holds great significance. Colleagues, in closing, I would like to extend my congratulations to all of you on the upcoming holidays, particularly Victory Day, a sacred day for all of us. And, of course, I wish you success in the upcoming extensive work for the benefit of Russia and our people. I anticipate the continuation of our close, partnership-based collaboration with the Federal Assembly, regional legislators, and colleagues in local authorities. I wish you all the best. Thank you. Geography Saint Petersburg Topics Parties Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: April 26, 2024, 15:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73945 Text version