Events Meeting with Gazprom CEO Alexei Miller Vladimir Putin had a meeting with Gazprom CEO Alexei Miller in St Petersburg. December 26, 2023 23:30 St Petersburg President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr Miller, how are you? Gazprom CEO Alexei Miller : Everything is fine, Mr President. Gazprom reliably supplies gas to Russian consumers during the autumn and winter season. The country has successfully navigated the first winter peak. The first half of December experienced cold in the area of the unified gas supply system in Russia, with many regions facing abnormally cold weather throughout the week. It is worth noting that Gazprom has fully met the demands. On December 8 and 13, we supplied 1.717 billion cubic metres of gas from the unified gas supply system to our consumers. Mr President, this represents a historic record in the Russian gas industry in terms of the volume of supplies during the autumn-winter period, specifically in December. December 8 was the coldest day of this winter so far, with an average temperature of minus 17 degrees Celsius across the unified gas supply system. Many regions, including the Middle Volga and St Petersburg, experienced exceptionally cold temperatures, even lower than the average of minus 17 particularly during the first ten days. In fact, the first ten-day period in St Petersburg was one of the coldest in the history of weather observations there. Ensuring the supply of gas to a huge metropolis is, of course, a crucial and priority task, and we have successfully provided reliable gas supplies to Russian consumers. Vladimir Putin : What about our foreign partners? Alexei Miller : Mr President, we have maintained constructive and neighborly relations with our partners during the autumn-winter period. In December, freezing weather also arrived in Uzbekistan, and our Uzbek friends and colleagues requested an increase in gas supplies that is more than twice our daily obligations under the signed contract. Currently, we are supplying Uzbekistan with the maximum technically possible amount of gas through the Central Asia-Centre gas pipeline. Mr President, this gas pipeline was commissioned in accordance with the instructions of three presidents, and you inaugurated it on October 7. The ability to supply gas to Uzbekistan through the Central Asia-Centre gas pipeline in reverse mode is particularly crucial for Uzbekistan during the autumn-winter period. Thankfully, we already have the necessary technical capabilities, and we are supplying Uzbekistan with gas in accordance with their request On December 23, Mr President, we reached an all-time high in terms of our daily gas delivery volumes to China. Moreover, our current daily deliveries to China exceed our contractual obligations. This year, gas supplies to China will be 1.5 times higher compared to 2022. By 2025, we will reach the projected 38 billion cubic metres in gas deliveries as set forth in our contract. Vladimir Putin : Excellent. Congratulations. Alexei Miller : Regarding your instructions to expand the gas distribution network and supplies to the regions across the Russian Federation, specifically the programme to offer additional connections, I can report that the amount of work we carried out in 2023 increased by 50 percent compared to 2022. This is what I wanted to say about the programme to offer additional connections to the gas distribution network. As of the beginning of 2024, we will have signed about 1.15 million contracts, and their number is increasingly daily. For these contracts, we have already ensured that we have the technical ability to extend the pipeline network to the boundary of each land plot. We have already reached the boundaries of 875,000 properties, and 500,000 of them are already receiving gas supplies. Next year, we intend to generate even greater momentum for offering additional and new connections to the gas distribution network across the country. We have allocated a record budget of 270.3 billion rubles for this purpose, which is 33.5 billion more compared to this year. The national availability of gas connections will have reached 89 percent out of all feasible connections to the gas distribution network by January 1, 2024. I can say that we have brought gas to over 400 communities in 2023 and built 2,900 kilometres of main gas pipelines. This means that we will definitely deliver on the task you have set to achieve 100 percent in terms of connections to the gas distribution network in the Russian Federation by 2030. Vladimir Putin : Excellent. Gazprom also has a social role. You sponsor various initiatives and programmes. Are you still committed to this cause? Alexei Miller : Yes, Mr President, we are. This year, Gazprom built 115 social sports facilities as part of the Gazprom to Children programme. Importantly, we completed a unique project at your instructions this year by opening the Martial Arts Academy on the grounds of Sirius Federal Territory. This was the biggest undertaking we have ever had as part of the Gazprom for Children programme. Vladimir Putin : It certainly is unique. Alexei Miller : It is unique not just in terms of the Gazprom for Children programme. In fact, there is no other complex like it anywhere in the world. This is the world’s biggest sambo and judo centre. There is nothing like it, even in Japan where judo is a national sport. It is the biggest and the most technologically advanced facility. Vladimir Putin : I have been to Kodokan, so I can compare the two. You are absolutely right. When did Gazprom launch this programme? Alexei Miller : We have been working on it for 15 years now. Vladimir Putin : I have been receiving positive feedback from the regions. Thank you very much. Alexei Miller : It is a pleasure to hear that. Vladimir Putin : Congratulations on your performance. And Happy New Year to all gas industry workers. Alexei Miller : Thank you. <…> See also Launch of Russian gas supplies to Uzbekistan via Kazakhstan October 7, 2023 Topics Energy Persons Miller Alexei Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: December 26, 2023, 23:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73186 Text version