Events Meeting with Government members Vladimir Putin held a videoconference meeting with members of the Government. September 11, 2024 17:00 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region A number of current issues were discussed at the beginning of the meeting. Deputy Prime Minister – Plenipotentiary Presidential Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District Yury Trutnev Trutnev Yury Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation – Plenipotentiary Presidential Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District reported on the outcome of the Eastern Economic Forum, where 313 agreements worth a total of more than 5.5 trillion rubles were signed this year. Minister for the Development of the Russian Far East and the Arctic Alexei Chekunkov Chekunkov Alexei Minister for the Development of the Russian Far East and the Arctic spoke about the implementation of the law on northern deliveries designed to expedite and cut the cost of goods delivery to the Extreme North. Minister of Agriculture Oksana Lut Lut Oksana Minister of Agriculture of the Russian Federation briefed the President on the progress of harvesting and autumn sowing. Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Patrushev Patrushev Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation reported on import substitution in agriculture. Minister of Natural Resources and Environment Alexander Kozlov Kozlov Alexander Minister of Natural Resources and Environment of the Russian Federation spoke about the current situation in geological exploration. The main topic on the meeting’s agenda concerned the regions’ individual development programmes and the implementation of the state programme for the development of the Kaliningrad Region. Reports were also delivered by Economic Development Minister Maxim Reshetnikov Reshetnikov Maxim Minister of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and Plenipotentiary Presidential Envoy to the Urals Federal District Vladimir Yakushev Yakushev Vladimir Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Urals Federal District . Also taking part in the meeting were Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Mishustin Mikhail Prime Minister of the Russian Federation , Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Anton Vaino Vaino Anton Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , First Deputy Prime Minister Denis Manturov Manturov Denis First Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation , First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Sergei Kiriyenko Kiriyenko Sergei First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff Dmitry Grigorenko Grigorenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation – Chief of the Government Staff of the Russian Federation , deputy prime ministers Tatyana Golikova Golikova Tatyana Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation , Alexander Novak Novak Alexander Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation , Vitaly Savelyev Savelyev Vitaly Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation , Marat Khusnullin Khusnullin Marat Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation , Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov Siluanov Anton Minister of Finance of the Russian Federation , and heads of several Russian regions. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon. Today we will talk about the development of our regions, the implementation of their individual development programmes, and separately about the implementation of the state programme for the development of the Kaliningrad Region. But first we will discuss the current situation, just as we always do at our meetings. My first question is for Mr Trutnev. It is about the results of the Eastern Economic Forum. Mr Trutnev, you have the floor. Deputy Prime Minister – Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District Yury Trutnev Trutnev Yury Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation – Plenipotentiary Presidential Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District : Thank you. Mr President, colleagues, The 9 th Eastern Economic Forum, which was held in Vladivostok under your leadership, Mr President, has ended. The forum enjoys strong interest around the world. Last year, the event brought together 6,300 participants from 62 countries; this year, as many 7,100 people from 75 countries came to participate. The countries of the Asia-Pacific region and other regions of the world were widely represented. Among the participants were representatives of business and diplomatic corps from 16 unfriendly states. These numbers indicate the interest of the outside world in our country and Far Eastern projects. As many as 313 agreements worth 5.569 trillion rubles were signed at the 9 th Eastern Economic Forum, which is the best result over the past years. Last year, we signed 386 investment deals totalling 3.8 trillion [rubles]. Mr President, given that about 80 percent of the signed agreements are embodied in real investment projects, the 9 th Eastern Economic Forum secured at least four trillion rubles in investment in the Far East and the Arctic. These agreements have rationalised our proposal to increase the 2030 target for attracting investment to 12 trillion rubles. The largest projects signed at the forum include the construction of the Vorkuta Chemical Complex, the development of the Kun-Manie nickel-copper deposit in the Amur Region, the expansion of the Berezovskoye iron-ore deposit in the Trans-Baikal Territory, the construction of the Soyuz cross-border railway transhipment hub near the Nizhneleninskoye-Tongjiang bridge, and a marine terminal for the transhipment of liquefied hydrocarbon gases in the Khabarovsk Territory. Mr President, the most important result of the 9 th Eastern Economic Forum, as well as of all previous ones, are the decisions you have taken, which push forward the macro-region’s continued advanced development. I am referring to the decision to keep the mortgage interest rate for residents of the Far East at two percent until 2030, to allocate additional 100 billion rubles for the implementation of master plan projects in Far Eastern cities, to accelerate the work on a programme for the energy sector development in the Far East, to ensure that large families in all regions of the Far Eastern Federal District where the birth rate is below the average for the federal district receive a one-million-ruble benefit, to accelerate the release and certification of the new Baikal aircraft, and a number of others. I would like to thank you for your attention to the development of the Russian Far East. Thank you very much. Vladimir Putin : Good. Thank you, Mr Trutnev. I would like to ask you to keep an eye on what is happening in each of these avenues that you have mentioned, and to support the projects that have just been launched and those that are planned. Yury Trutnev : Will do. <…> Vladimir Putin : The middle of September is a good time to assess our harvest prospects, the progress of harvesting, and the organisation of autumn sowing. Ms Lut, please. Minister of Agriculture Oksana Lut: Mr President, colleagues, I will brief you on the situation in agriculture. As you know, this has been a difficult year for our farmers. Several regions were hit by frost in spring and drought in summer, which still continues, and faced heavy precipitation during harvesting. The harvesting campaign has been complicated by these weather anomalies. Harvesting is lagging behind in the Volga Region and the Urals because of rains, and the crop yield has been affected by frost and drought in some regions. To date, grain has been harvested on 33 million hectares throughout the country, or about 70 percent of the area. The gross yield is over 97 million tonnes, including 72 million tonnes of wheat. However, I would like to emphasise that the quality of grain is much better compared to last year. Despite all these difficulties, we have maintained the yield forecast at 132 million tonnes, which we expect to harvest thanks to our farmers’ technological effectiveness. We also expect to report good results in the harvesting of oil-producing plants, sugar beet, vegetables and potatoes. In addition, we have updated our fruit and berry yield forecast based on the latest information from the South of Russia and the North Caucasus. We expect our gardens to produce about 1.7 million tonnes of fruit, including 1.6 million tonnes of apples. These results are better than the annual average for the past five years. I would also like to note that the Ministry of Agriculture has forwarded a draft resolution to the Government on the allocation of 930 million rubles from the reserve fund to help fruit growers in the regions affected by May frosts. Overall, we will harvest a sufficient amount of basic crops for the domestic market and maintain a high export potential when it comes to raw materials and processed goods. It is notable that this year Russia has increased the tonnage of foods exports to external markets by eight percent, in particular, by increasing the export of grain and pulse crops, flour, sugar, vegetable oil, confectionery, meat and dairy products. Regarding autumn sowing, farmers in nearly all federal districts have started the sowing campaign and have sown approximately 5.5 million hectares to date. The process is complicated by the low amount of soil moisture in central regions. However, we believe that the total area sown with autumn crops will reach about 20 million hectares, which is comparable to last year. We are paying special attention to the provision of basic resources to our farmers. As of now, about 80 percent of the necessary amount of seeds have been prepared for sowing. In this connection, I would like to note that farmers are increasingly using Russian-selected seeds. This year, the share of Russian selection achievements has significantly increased, particularly in sunflower, soy and rape crops. Additionally, beet seeds are now expected to account for just under eight percent of the market. Previously, we imported the majority of all beet seeds from unfriendly countries. We will continue to support the sector’s transition to national selection concepts. Fertilisers are being purchased as planned, in line with the programme approved by the Ministry of Industry and Trade. We continue to update our farming machinery fleet. For example, Rosagroleasing has implemented a low-interest equipment purchase programme. To date, the company has supplied over 13,000 pieces of equipment, which is nearly 25 percent more than the same period in 2023. We continue to monitor prices on a daily basis together with the Energy Ministry and to ensure that agricultural producers have access to fuel. Prices for petroleum, oil and lubricants remain stable, and we are meeting the demand in full. I would like to say a few words about financial support for the agro-industrial sector. Since the beginning of 2024, we have allocated 94 billion rubles for regional farmers. Recipients have already received 72 percent of this total. Soft loans are one of the most popular tools used by farmers. This year, the Ministry of Agriculture has approved 224 billion rubles for soft loans to finance seasonal agricultural projects, which is a three percent increase from 2023. Mr President, I would like to thank you for issuing instructions to set aside additional funding for this mechanism. Farmers find soft loans particularly relevant during seasonal fieldwork. In conclusion, I would like to note that since the start of 2024, the agro-industrial sector has made positive progress in all major areas. Agricultural output has increased by two percent in the first seven months, and food production has risen by almost five percent. Mr President, colleagues, Despite the objective challenges posed by weather conditions, Russian farmers are working hard to achieve impressive results before the end of the year, laying a solid foundation for 2025. In turn, we continue to provide comprehensive support to producers and promptly respond to any urgent issues that arise. We are committed to ensuring the country’s food security. Thank you. This concludes my report. Vladimir Putin: What are our projected harvests? Are they expected to total approximately 132 million tonnes? Oksana Lut: Yes, we are on track to harvest 132 million tonnes, despite the current challenges. Vladimir Putin: Was it 148 million tonnes last year? Oksana Lut: Yes, slightly over 148 million tonnes. Vladimir Putin: And domestic consumption is around 90 million tonnes? Oksana Lut: 87 million tonnes. Vladimir Putin: So, our export potential exceeds 40 million tonnes, in addition to carryovers? Oksana Lut: Yes, we have significant carryovers. Therefore, with a harvest of 132 million tonnes, we can certainly export 60 million tonnes. Vladimir Putin: Up to 60 million tonnes. I understand. All right, good. Thank you very much. If the forecast comes true, the overall results will be positive. Mr Patrushev, we have discussed the situation with import substitution in agriculture many times. How do things stand now? Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Patrushev: Mr President, colleagues, Speaking about the situation in the decade since 2014, when Russia introduced a food embargo, it has been the most active phase of import substitution in agriculture. State support and healthy protectionism have helped create transparent and profitable conditions for business. As a result, a large number of domestic producers have entered the market that was previously taken by foreign companies. Over that period, our agricultural production has increased by 33 percent. I would like to highlight crop production in particular. Annual crop harvests have consistently remained above 100 million tonnes since 2014, with the past five years exceeding 120 million tonnes. It is worth mentioning that soybean production has increased 4.5-fold and sunflower seed production has doubled. We have essentially rebuilt some agricultural sectors from scratch. One of such examples is greenhouse vegetable growing, where output has tripled over the past ten years. We have also planted over 140,000 hectares of high yield orchards, resulting in a threefold increase in fruit and berry harvests since 2014. A similar trend can be observed in livestock breeding. Meat and poultry production has increased by 35 percent over the past ten years, and milk production is up by 13 percent. In a decade, we have also built and modernised 3,400 livestock breeding complexes. It is notable that the industrial beef production has been given a powerful boost. It increased by one third in 2023 compared to 2014. The production of turkey meat, which is an important sector, started nearly from scratch and has increased fourfold over the past ten years. I would like to point out that Russia has become the largest producer of turkey meat in Europe. In addition, we are working to increase our independence in pedigree animal breeding. In particular, we have established our own genetic resource bank for the majority of breeds. Overall, our food industry has grown by about 40 percent since the introduction of food embargo. There has been a 2.5-fold increase in vegetable oil production and meat products production has nearly doubled. One of the most impressive examples that deserves to be emphasised is cheese production. Output has almost doubled, and the range of cheeses we now produce has greatly broadened. Experts estimate that retail chain stores alone sell about 9,500 types of domestically made cheese products. To be continued. Topics Agriculture Economy and finance Foreign policy Import replacement Industry Regions 2 more Persons Chekunkov Alexei Kozlov Alexander Lut Oksana Patrushev Dmitry Reshetnikov Maxim Trutnev Yury Yakushev Vladimir 3 more Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: September 11, 2024, 17:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75085 Text version