Events Greetings to residents of Daghestan on the 25th anniversary of defeating international terrorist groups Vladimir Putin sent greetings to the people of Daghestan on the 25 th anniversary of repelling the attack by an international terrorist gang, which invaded the republic in September 1999. The President noted the contribution of the region’s residents to repelling that invasion, and their heroism during the special military operation. September 14, 2024 10:30 The message from the President of Russia reads, in part: “Twenty-five years ago, in September 1999, the international terrorist gangs, which treacherously invaded the Republic of Daghestan, were destroyed after intense fighting. Back then, during the gruelling trials that befell the North Caucasus and our entire country, our multi-ethnic people clearly demonstrated their best qualities, such as unity, selflessness, unconditional love for the Motherland, and responsibility for its future. Alongside soldiers and officers of the Armed Forces and volunteers from many Russian regions, the militias of Daghestan stood as an unbreakable wall against the enemy and an example of the power of people’s unity in the face of a common threat. We are proud of the Daghestanis’ contribution to repelling the invasion by international terrorism, as well as their heroism in the special military operation. I would like to particularly note the significant role played by Magomedali Magomedov in strengthening peace and accord in Daghestan and preserving our country’s territorial integrity. He was head of the republic during those historic and pivotal days. I will always remember my meetings with this outstanding statesman, a courageous man with an unbendable will who was a true patriot and a faithful son of Daghestan and all of Russia. I am confident that we will continue to successfully tackle our important tasks for the benefit of our Fatherland, relying on the centuries-old traditions of friendship and mutual understanding that are passed along from generation to generation.” Geography Republic of Daghestan Topics Fight against terrorism Regions Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: September 14, 2024, 10:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75109 Text version