Events Meeting with Zaporozhye Region Governor Yevgeny Balitsky Vladimir Putin held a working meeting with Zaporozhye Region Governor Yevgeny Balitsky. July 12, 2024 15:30 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region The Governor briefed the President on the development of social services, in particular, the opening of a branch of the Artek International Children's Centre, the establishment of the Mayak (Beacon) Federal Youth Centre, the launch of an oncology clinic, the construction of a regional children's hospital, and the renovation of a university. He noted that the Russian Federation fulfils all its obligations to citizens set out in the Constitution. According to opinion surveys, over 80 percent of people support the Government, the President and the United Russia party, which is the driver of change in the region. Yevgeny Balitsky asked the President to support the upcoming 200 th anniversary of Berdyansk, a popular resort city on the Sea of Azov. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr Balitsky, let us look at the documents you have prepared for this meeting. I would like to note that the key issue is ensuring the security of the region and the safety of its people. We will do it without fail. We will achieve this goal, there can be no doubt about it. I also take note of the issues that must not be left unattended. They concern security, in particular, the security of the Zaporozhskaya Nuclear Power Plant. The enemy is now directly targeting the plant, which means that we must give more attention to it. Regrettably, the people and forces that are supporting the Kiev regime take no notice of that. They are making a big mistake, and we will remember this and will talk about it many times. Despite all the difficulties, we can clearly see the recovery of agriculture, industry, and the construction sector. This trend should certainly be supported. Of course, the key priority is the renovation of the housing and utilities sector, infrastructure and residential buildings. It is this goal that I want the Government to focus on. And now, we will talk about all the issues you have prepared for discussion at our meeting. <…> Geography Zaporozhye Region Topics Regions Persons Balitsky Yevgeny Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 12, 2024, 15:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74539 Text version