Events Meeting on the Armed Forces development amid the special military operation Vladimir Putin held a meeting, via videoconference, on current issues concerning the Armed Forces development amid the special military operation. September 18, 2024 20:00 St Petersburg President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Good afternoon, colleagues. This meeting takes place in the run-up to Gunsmith Day. Let’s break our work into two parts: today, we will cover the issues related to strengthening and improving the combat readiness of the Armed Forces, and tomorrow we will continue this work at a St Petersburg defence enterprise. Importantly, our focus is on technical retrofitting of the Army and Navy which implies upgrading and improving the tactical and technical specifications of existing weapons and equipment, and identifying prospects for developing innovative high-tech hardware based on what our military learned during the special military operation. Their experience is being carefully reviewed by design bureaus and specialised research institutes. Based on the findings, the best path forward will be determined to improve weapons systems and to enhance the combat power of the Russian Army. We are implementing a comprehensive Army and Navy re-equipment programme, meaning that the troops will receive not just individual pieces of equipment, but serial models of the latest high-precision weapons, armoured vehicles, aircraft, enemy combatant detection systems, counter-battery warfare systems, as well as command and communication systems. And, of course, that includes a variety of unmanned aerial systems ranging from strategic and heavy to small and ultra-small. That includes reconnaissance drones, attack complexes, patrol systems, counter-battery systems, sapper and mining systems, and fighter jets. We will discuss these matters in detail and continue this discussion at a Military-Industrial Commission meeting. However, for these weapons to be used effectively, we need highly skilled personnel and crews. In other words, we need trained operators. The effectiveness of the weapons will directly depend on the military personnel, their level of training, and, most importantly, the quality of combat training. We must leverage all available resources, including modern training facilities at pre-conscription organisations, military universities, training centres, and shooting ranges. The Defence Ministry and the regional authorities must join their efforts in order to move this crucial area forward. We will address this in detail today as well. Federal and regional authorities must work closely together to solve the key task of providing the Armed Forces with trained personnel, particularly for the permanent combat readiness units in the new military districts. A recently released Executive Order which establishes the authorised strength of the Armed Forces centers on ways to address this task. It will take effect on December 1. We will review other Armed Forces development-related issues as well. Let’s get to work. Defence Minister Andrei Belousov is our next speaker. Please go ahead. <…> Geography Saint Petersburg Topics Armed Forces Persons Belousov Andrei Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: September 18, 2024, 20:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75127 Text version