Events Meeting with Head of the Republic of Ingushetia Makhmud-Ali Kalimatov Makhmud-Ali Kalimatov briefed the President on the construction and renovation of schools and kindergartens in the republic and also told him about industrial projects and steps to increase the region’s investment appeal. May 28, 2024 21:40 The Kremlin, Moscow Vladimir Putin started the meeting by saying that life expectancy in Ingushetia is about the national average, and its population is growing. This means that the republic needs to increase the number of available spots in kindergartens and daycare centres, and ensure that outpatient clinics can serve more patients. Makhmud-Ali Kalimatov Kalimatov Makhmud-Ali Head of Republic of Ingushetia reported that Ingushetia opened over 40 new kindergartens over the past three and a half to four years, and will create additional 3,000 spots in kindergartens down the road. Over the past four years, it also built 37 schools. In addition to this, over 23 schools, kindergartens and health posts benefited from renovation and repairs. In response to the President’s questions regarding the factors driving Ingushetia’s industrial growth, the Head of the Republic said that he chairs an investment council in the republic. During its most recent meeting, the council members reviewed seven investment portfolios. The effort to build an LNG processing plant is underway. Sectors like household chemicals and building local water treatment facilities have been attracting investors. RIAL, an aluminium alloy plant, has opened, reaching an output of 10,000 tonnes of extruded aluminium. In addition, there is the ATM plant, which manufactures radiators and plans to increase its output to 3 million units. The republic also produces plastic pipes. The President went on to emphasise the importance of creating a favourable business environment. Geography Republic of Ingushetia Topics Regions Persons Kalimatov Makhmud-Ali Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: May 28, 2024, 21:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74134 Text version