Events Visit to Amur Gas Processing Plant The President visited the Amur Gas Processing Plant near the town of Svobodny. September 13, 2023 14:30 Amur Region The President was accompanied by Deputy Prime Minister – Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District Yury Trutnev Trutnev Yury Deputy Prime Minister – Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District , Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov Manturov Denis Deputy Prime Minister – Industry and Trade Minister , Amur Region Governor Vasily Orlov Orlov Vasily Governor of the Amur Region . Reports were made by General Director of Gazprom Pererabotka Blagoveshchensk Yury Lebedev and General Director of the Amur Gas Chemical Complex, which is currently under construction, Alexei Vereshchagin. See also Construction has begun at the Amur gas processing plant October 14, 2015 Construction of the Amur Gas Processing Plant has been underway since October 2015 as part of Gazprom's Eastern Gas Programme. It is located on the territory of the Amurskaya priority development area. The plant processes gas that is shipped from the Kovykta and Chayandinskoye fields via the Power of Siberia gas pipeline. Upon the launch of all six production lines, the plant's design capacity will total 42 billion cubic metres of processed natural gas per year. When operating at full capacity, the Amur GPP will produce 38 billion cubic metres of methane fraction annually, 2.4 million tonnes of ethane, 1.5 million tonnes of liquefied hydrocarbon gases (LHG), 200,000 tonnes of pentane-hexane fraction, and 60 million cubic metres of ultra-pure helium per year. All of the methane is sent to China under long-term supply contracts. The Amur Gas Chemical Complex, which is a joint project of SIBUR and Sinopec, will consume the bulk of ethane and LHG. Helium, purified to nearly 100 percent, is a key product made by the plant and is sought-after in high-tech industries. The Amur GPP will become a global leader in terms of helium production volumes. A residential community called “Alexeyevsky” is being built in the town of Svobodny to accommodate employees of the Amur GPP. This community will offer housing for 5,000 residents. Additional All news about trip to the Amur Region September 13, 2023 Geography Amur Region Topics Energy Industry Priority development areas Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: September 13, 2023, 14:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72267 Text version