Events Meeting with President of Turkiye Recep Tayyip Erdogan Vladimir Putin held talks in Samarkand with President of the Republic of Turkiye Recep Tayyip Erdogan. September 16, 2022 17:30 Samarkand President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr President, colleagues, I am very pleased about this new meeting – after our telephone calls, after our in-person discussion in Sochi at the beginning of August, the situation is developing quite quickly at the bilateral level as well as at the multilateral level. I would like to note, of course, that a lot of work has been done to harmonise our relations in many areas. First of all, I would like to thank you once again for the contribution you are continuing to make to the implementation of the food programme – you also mentioned it today – I mean the export of Ukrainian grain. Let’s hope that a significant portion of it – so far this has not been achieved – will still go to the UN food programme for the poorest countries. For our part, we are also making a significant volume of sales. I would also like to inform you that our economic operators have received a corresponding signal that they can export our products through Turkiye, bearing in mind that Turkiye is a reliable partner and can ensure reliable supplies through its territory to all countries, including in Asia, Latin America, and Africa, because that is basically where we sell. Trade between Turkiye and Russia is growing, growing steadily. Turkiye has become one of the most reliable supply routes for our energy resources, including gas, not only for its own needs, but for the countries of the European Union as well. The Akkuyu nuclear power plant project is on schedule and running smoothly. I know – as you and I discussed recently – there were certain issues related to the organisation of the process itself, the construction and so on. As far as I know, all these issues have also been resolved, and yesterday we signed the final documents settling all the issues between the parties to this major, magnificent construction project. I would very much like the first unit to be launched on time, as we agreed with you, in 2023, which is the 100 th anniversary of the Republic of Turkiye. We have close coordination on key international issues, including within organisations of mutual interest. I am very glad to see you at the meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation member states. Turkiye is a country of this region, and I think it is absolutely natural that Turkiye is interested in the work of our organisation. I am certainly aware of your policies aimed at achieving the best possible results for the Turkish economy. Of course, we could not ignore the fact that Turkiye has very good, agreeable and rapidly growing economic ties with the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation’s member states. We will welcome Turkiye's work in this entity in every possible way. We are ready to substantially increase our supplies to the Republic of Turkiye in all areas of interest to you. And as you know, our agreement on the supply of Russian natural gas to Turkiye, paying for 25 percent in Russian rubles, is about to take effect. As far as I understand, the issues are settled, so I am confident that we will proceed in accordance with our agreements. Thank you very much. <…> See also Meeting of the SCO Heads of State Council September 16, 2022 Geography Türkiye Topics Foreign policy Persons Erdogan Recep Tayyip Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: September 16, 2022, 17:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69364 Text version