Events Meeting on economic issues The President held a videoconference meeting on economic issues. November 1, 2023 20:50 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region Taking part in the meeting were Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Mishustin Mikhail Prime Minister of the Russian Federation , First Deputy Prime Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei First Deputy Prime Minister , First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Sergei Kiriyenko Kiriyenko Sergei First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , Deputy Prime Minister and Chief of the Government Staff Dmitry Grigorenko Grigorenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff , Presidential Aide Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Aide to the President , Minister of Economic Development Maxim Reshetnikov Reshetnikov Maxim Minister of Economic Development , Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov Siluanov Anton Finance Minister and Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina Nabiullina Elvira Governor of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation (Bank of Russia) . * * * Opening remarks by the President of Russia at the meeting on economic issues President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, colleagues, As agreed, today we will discuss the current situation in the economy, assess key trends in the real sector, in the financial system and with respect to currency, and we will also focus separately on the risks affecting social and economic dynamics. I would like to note that real-time statistics show that the economic situation is generally developing in a predictable manner, in line with the forecast. In the first nine months of the year, Russia’s GDP grew by 2.8 percent compared to the same period last year. In August and September, it added 5.2 percent each month. Meanwhile, manufacturing industries and real sector industries not related to the extraction of natural resources are growing at a higher rate. I would like to emphasise sectors with good added value, such as the production of automobiles, equipment and machinery. From January through September of this year, industrial production increased by 3.3 percent, and manufacturing grew by 7.1 percent, including the output of computers and electronic products – 34.5 percent growth, electrical equipment – 22.2 percent growth, furniture – 21.7 percent growth. In other words, all this shows that we have good momentum All this is happening while unemployment remains persistently low, currently at around three percent. Wages in the economy are also increasing. In the first eight months they added 7.5 percent in real terms, which means wages are growing faster than inflation. That said, I once again draw the attention of the Government and the Bank of Russia to the importance of efficient, coordinated action to tackle inflation. It directly affects the well-being of Russian families and our citizens. In particular, we need to carefully monitor price trends for socially important goods and services that are in highest demand. To be continued. Topics Economy and finance Foreign policy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: November 1, 2023, 20:50 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72632 Text version