Events Greetings on Border Guards Day Vladimir Putin congratulated service members, civilian personnel and veterans of the FSB Border Guard Service on their professional holiday, Border Guards Day. May 28, 2022 00:00 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region Vladimir Putin congratulated service members, civilian personnel and veterans of the FSB Border Guard Service on their professional holiday, Border Guards Day. Vladimir Putin: Comrades, I congratulate the staff, civilian personnel and, of course, veterans of the Border Guard Service of Russian Federal Security Service on Border Guards Day. Your professional holiday is one of the brightest symbols of continuity and unity of truly heroic traditions, a symbol of people’s gratitude and respect for all those who in different historical eras strengthened, protected and defended the borders of our native land. Your military service has always been both arduous and honourable. It requires courage, tenacity, and constant vigilance. You have to be ready to stand in the way of all enemies. We remember and honour the exploits of all generations of border guards who served in patrols and guard lines, in garrisons of border fortresses and border guard units. In June 1941, the fighters of the Soviet frontier posts fearlessly engaged in the first heavy combat despite being outnumbered, and then valiantly battled on the fronts of the Great Patriotic War and in the partisan detachments, carried out special and sensitive missions, made a huge contribution to the final and complete defeat of the aggressor, to the eradication of the Banderites and other henchmen of the Nazis, to the destruction of the criminal nationalist underground. Comrades, The tasks you are facing are particularly important now, given the unprecedented political, economic and information pressure on our country and the build-up of NATO military capacity in direct proximity to Russia’s borders. I would like to single out the well-coordinated and courageous actions of the staff of the Russian Border Guard Service in preventing all manner of provocation and subversion. I am referring primarily to the sections of our state border in the areas of our special military operation. I also wish to highlight the consistent work of your service to identify militants of neo-Nazi groups, your participation in organising the safe passage of refugees, and helping women, children and the elderly, and all those who seek refuge and protection on Russian territory. And of course, I expect you to effectively and professionally handle the full range of other critically important tasks facing the Border Guards, including those affecting the economic security of our country. I am convinced that you will continue to act with firmness and resolve, carrying out your military and patriotic duty to the Homeland and the people of Russia with honour. I wish you and your families health, success and wellbeing. Happy holiday to you! Happy Border Guards Day! Topics Armed Forces Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: May 28, 2022, 00:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68500 Text version