Events Telephone conversation with President of France Emmanuel Macron and Federal Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz Vladimir Putin spoke by telephone with President of the French Republic Emmanuel Macron and Federal Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz. May 28, 2022 15:25 To follow up on the previous contacts in this format, the leaders exchanged views on the most recent developments in Ukraine. The President of Russia informed the other parties at length about the latest events in the context of the ongoing special military operation, noting that the Russian Armed Forces are strictly observing the norms of international humanitarian law, and spoke about the systematic work being carried out to establish peaceful life in Mariupol and other liberated cities in Donbass. Special attention was paid to the progress on the negotiation track, which has been stalling through Kiev’s fault. Vladimir Putin reaffirmed the Russian side’s openness to the resumption of dialogue. The President of Russia was critical of the continued dangerous practice of pumping Ukraine with Western weapons, cautioning against the risks of the country’s further destabilisation and aggravation of the humanitarian crisis. The parties reviewed in detail the global food security concerns. Vladimir Putin explained the real reasons for the unstable food supplies, saying that the disruptions were due to Western countries’ erroneous economic and financial policies, as well as their anti-Russia sanctions. He substantiated his statements with evidence and specific data. Russia, on the other hand, is ready to help find options for unhindered grain exports, including the export of Ukrainian grain from the Black Sea ports. Increasing the supplies of Russian fertilisers and agricultural produce will also help reduce tensions in the global food market, but that will definitely require the lifting of the relevant sanctions. The leaders agreed to continue contacts. Geography France Germany Topics Foreign policy Persons Macron Emmanuel Scholz Olaf Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: May 28, 2022, 15:25 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68523 Text version