Events Meeting with Director General of Roscosmos Yury Borisov Vladimir Putin held a meeting with Director General of the Roscosmos State Corporation for Space Activities Yury Borisov. June 30, 2023 20:05 The Kremlin, Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin: You probably noted that at yesterday’s ASI forum , they discussed the creation and use of a low-orbit satellite group – this is up to 200 kilometres, right? Director General of the Roscosmos State Corporation Yury Borisov Borisov Yury General Director of the Roscosmos State Corporation for Space Activities : Yes. Vladimir Putin: There are problems primarily with the engine because they have to maintain this altitude. Yury Borisov: Yes, that’s right. Vladimir Putin: These are private companies. We talked about this recently, and you said it was necessary to involve private companies in this work – not this particular mission but outer space in general. What do you think about yesterday’s proposal? I know that the groundwork is done. Yury Borisov: Yes, Mr President. First, yesterday we immediately contacted Vyacheslav Tyomkin, the scientist from Sergiyev-Posad who is closely involved with PhysTech [Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology]. We know about his work, but we will still meet with him to discuss his research. He is correct in talking about today’s high interest in low orbits of 200 kilometres because optical resolution from this orbit and from 500 kilometres is different – it is better from 200 kilometres. However, there are objective difficulties with maintaining this orbit because at 200 kilometres the atmosphere is rarified and ballistic movement is completely different from what it is at 500 kilometres. So, we have to maintain a satellite’s orbit by using small plasma engines. There are also other problems at this altitude. Atomic hydrogen strongly affects the working capacity of solar batteries. These are basically the main problems. The task is not easy. However, we should thank this scientist for drawing your attention to this issue. We probably have indeed developed one of the world’s best competencies in building these engines. Our Fakel company in Kaliningrad is producing a broad range of these engines. There is a demand for them both in our country and abroad. Until recently, several Western companies were purchasing many of these engines. Thus, the OneWeb satellite group was established, in part, with the participation of the company that supplied engines to them. Now we have reoriented our exports due to the sanctions. There is high demand for these engines in the Asian countries, China, India and Africa. I will tell you separately about my visits to Africa. So, our colleague is absolutely right, and we will find an opportunity to support his research. He identified the issue and has rightly drawn your attention to it. We are working on it. To be continued. Topics Industry Science and innovation Space Persons Borisov Yury Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: June 30, 2023, 20:05 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71560 Text version