Events Presenting the Order of St Andrew the Apostle to Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi The President presented the Order of St Andrew the Apostle to Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi. The ceremony was held in St Andrew’s Hall of the Grand Kremlin Palace. July 9, 2024 16:20 The Kremlin, Moscow The Order of St Andrew the Apostle the First-Called is awarded to prominent government and public figures, as well as outstanding representatives of science, culture, arts and various sectors of the economy for exceptional services that contribute to the prosperity, greatness and glory of Russia. This order can be awarded to heads of foreign states for outstanding services to the Russian Federation. Narendra Modi Modi Narendra Prime Minister of India is currently in Russia on an official visit. Speeches at the award ceremony President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr Prime Minister, ladies and gentlemen. It is a great honour for me to present the highest order of the Russian Federation, the Order of St Andrew the Apostle, to Prime Minister of the Republic of India Narendra Modi. See also Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi presented with Order of St Andrew the Apostle the First-Called April 12, 2019 It is the oldest order instituted more than three centuries ago by Russian Emperor Peter the Great. According to the statute, the order is awarded to outstanding Russian politicians and public figures as well as foreign leaders for distinguished service. I am particularly pleased to be able to present this high award here, in the Kremlin, during a proper ceremony as stipulated by the statute. Mr Prime Minister, my dear friend, By presenting the Order of St Andrew the Apostle, we express sincere gratitude for the contribution you have made to strengthening friendship and mutual understanding between our countries and nations. You have always been a strong advocate of expanding contacts with Russia. Back when you were the chief minister of the state of Gujarat, you proposed establishing sister ties with Russian regions, in particular, with the Astrakhan Region. As the head of the Indian government for the past ten years, you have made tangible efforts to ensure that Russia-India relations become a specially privileged strategic partnership. It is with your direct support that largest Russia-India projects have been implemented successfully in trade and the economy, in the military-technical industry, nuclear and hydrogen energy, in high technology and space development. It is hard to overestimate your contribution to shaping a steady foundation for Russia-India cooperation in the international arena, where both our countries protect the principles of multipolarity and strict compliance with international law. Russia and India work together to ensure stability and global and regional security, and closely cooperate at BRICS and the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation. Mr Prime Minister, my dear friend, I congratulate you from the bottom of my heart on this high Russian award and wish you good health, success and all the best. I also wish peace and prosperity to the friendly Indian nation. Thank you. Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi ( retranslated ): Your Excellency, dear friend President Putin. I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude for the honour bestowed upon me when I was presented with this highest order of the Russian Federation. It does not belong to me alone. It is an honour that has been conferred on 1.4 billion people of India. See also Russia-India talks July 9, 2024 It marks recognition of the age-old friendship as well as mutual trust between India and Russia. It is also recognition of our particularly privileged strategic partnership. Your Excellency, over the past nearly 25 years, Russia-India relations have grown stronger across all areas under your leadership, and each time we see new milestones and new heights that we take as we continue to advance strategic relations between the two countries. It was you who laid the foundation for these achievements. Our relations are blossoming and getting stronger as time goes by. Our cooperation relies on partnerships between people. These partnerships grow into hope for a better future for our people. Moreover, it represents a guarantee for the future of our people. During our today’s talks, we have made new important decisions aimed at promoting cooperation across all areas. Our relationship is extremely important not only for our two countries, but is also of great significance for the entire world. In the current global context, India and Russia, as well as their partnership, have taken on a new importance. We are both convinced that further efforts are needed to ensure global stability and peace. In the future, we will continue to work together to achieve these goals. Your Excellency, on behalf of India’s 1.4 billion people, let me once again thank you, the Government of the Russian Federation, and the people of the Russian Federation for the honour I have been accorded. Thank you. Geography India Topics Foreign policy Persons Modi Narendra Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 9, 2024, 16:20 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74517 Text version