Events Telephone conversation with President of Turkiye Recep Tayyip Erdogan Vladimir Putin talked by telephone with President of Turkiye Recep Tayyip Erdogan September 29, 2022 20:40 The President of Turkiye expressed his condolences to Vladimir Putin over the tragic aftermath of the act of terror at the school in Izhevsk. The leaders then had a substantial conversation on different aspects of bilateral cooperation and developments in Ukraine. They noted the steady dynamics in trade and economic ties, including the substantial increase in trade. The leaders positively assessed energy cooperation – the fulfilling of contracts on Russia’s natural gas exports to Turkiye and joint construction of the Akkuyu Nuclear Power Plant. They emphasised their intent to fulfill the agreements they reached at the meetings in Sochi and Samarkand . Vladimir Putin informed Recep Tayyip Erdogan about the referendums in the Donetsk and Lugansk people’s republics and in the Kherson and Zaporozhye regions on September 23–27 on accession to the Russian Federation. He emphasised that the voting was transparent and fully conformed with the norms and principles of international law. The people carried out their right to self-determination in accordance with the UN Charter, the 1966 international human rights covenants and the 1975 Helsinki Final Act. The Russian leader expressed gratitude to his Turkish counterpart for Turkiye’s contribution to reaching the Istanbul agreements on the export of grain from Black Sea ports and the export of Russian agricultural products and fertilisers. He stressed the need to carry out these agreements as a package, including the removal of any barriers to Russian food and fertiliser shipments to world markets. The President of Russia expressed his evaluation of the unprecedented act of sabotage that was essentially an act of international terrorism on the Nord Stream-1 and Nord Stream-2 gas pipelines. He noted that Russia is submitting this issue for urgent discussion in the UN Security Council. The leaders agreed to continue the Russia-Turkiye dialogue in various formats. Geography Türkiye Topics Foreign policy Persons Erdogan Recep Tayyip Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: September 29, 2022, 20:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69460 Text version