Events Meeting with representatives of the aviation industry On the 100 th anniversary of domestic civil aviation, Vladimir Putin met with representatives of the aviation industry. A ceremony to open new civil aviation facilities, in which the President took part via videoconference, was timed to coincide with this anniversary. February 9, 2023 19:00 The Kremlin, Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Colleagues, good afternoon. See also Greetings to employees and veterans of Russian civil aviation February 9, 2023 We are meeting on the 100 th anniversary of Russian civil aviation. I would like to sincerely congratulate you, all your colleagues, veterans and those who are just joining the industry, on such a significant milestone in the development of Russian domestic aviation, in this case civil aviation. Today we have many important events, such as the completion of an air terminal in Novosibirsk and renovation of the airport in Novy Urengoi. We will also discuss the upgrade of the Unified Air Traffic Management System. I want to thank everyone who took part in carrying out these projects which are important for Russia. Investors, managers, designers and builders have done everything necessary to implement them successfully. This means that the number of passengers the renovated airports can serve will increase significantly, the geography of flights and route networks will expand, passenger service and safety will reach a new level, the economy and the social sphere of the regions I have just mentioned will get an extra boost, and most importantly, the lives of millions of people will become more comfortable. I would like to note separately the upgrade of the Unified Air Traffic Management System. This work was carried out under the relevant federal targeted programme, and the Unified System’s enlarged regional centres will increase Russia’s airspace capacity and improve flight safety. Let us give the floor to head of the Russian transport industry Vitaly Savelyev and then turn to the regions. Please, Mr Savelyev. To be continued. Geography Novosibirsk Region Yamal-Nenets Autonomous Area Topics Regions Transport Persons Artyukhov Dmitry Savelyev Vitaly Travnikov Andrei Trotsenko Roman Vekselberg Viktor 1 more Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: February 9, 2023, 19:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70484 Text version