Events Presenting Gold Star medals to Heroes of Russia On Heroes of the Fatherland Day, a ceremony for presenting Gold Star medals to Heroes of Russia took place in the Grand Kremlin Palace’s St George Hall. December 9, 2024 13:45 The Kremlin, Moscow Over 300 military personnel and civilians who have displayed extraordinary courage and heroism have been invited to the ceremony. The participants include Heroes of the Soviet Union, Heroes of the Russian Federation, full cavaliers of the Order of Glory, and holders of the Order of St George. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, comrades, friends, Today, on the Day of Heroes of the Fatherland, we honour all our fellow citizens who have performed outstanding deeds for the sake of our country and its future. These people have shown an example of selfless service to the Motherland through their work, actions, and military feats. We pay tribute to all those who, across different times and eras, have defended the freedom and independence of our state and asserted our right to determine our own destiny. Here, under the arches of St George Hall, we keenly feel the strength of centuries-old traditions of military valour. The names of the cavaliers of the Order of St George, the Order of Glory, and the Heroes of the Soviet Union and Russian Federation are eternally etched in the annals of our country’s victories and achievements. They are all united by their unwavering commitment to duty, whether military, civil, or personal, and their deep, selfless love for the Motherland. We take pride in each of them: both those who lived before us and those who are our contemporaries. We take pride in the courage of our soldiers fighting in the special military operation zone. Their resolve leaves no doubt that we will triumph, and that no-one will ever succeed in subjugating or overpowering Russia. Truth, the strength of our arms, and the resilience of our spirit are all on our side. It is a great honour for me to present decorations to those who have been awarded the title of Hero of the Russian Federation today. Through their actions on the frontline and in the most difficult areas, they displayed valour, high skills, and exceptional personal qualities; they strongly retaliated against the adversary, saving and protecting their brothers-in-arms despite their own injuries and continuing to lead. Two decorations will be presented to the family members of Vladimir Gavrilenko and Mikhail Izbakiyev: heroes who gave their lives for the Fatherland. Eternal glory to them. Friends, Our military, including very young people, who have proved themselves worthy in battle, are brave and reliable people. They place service to the Fatherland and its interests above all. These qualities and solid core values are needed everywhere: both in military and civilian service. We already have a special personnel training programme, The Time of Heroes, with more than 60 cavaliers of the Order of Courage, and 21 holders of the title of Hero of Russia taking part in the first flow. We will certainly continue to rely on people like these. They are the true, genuine, and authentic elite and pride of the country. The heroism of the warriors who protect the country’s vital interests serves as a moral guide for millions of our fellow citizens outside military service. They work selflessly to achieve the goals set. These are employees of defence enterprises, economic sectors, science, culture, and the social sphere. Scientists, designers, engineers, and workers provide reliable reserves for the security and technological sovereignty of the state. Millions of people in all regions of our vast country, each in their place, strive to contribute to the common cause. Everyone is united by the main value: love for their home country, involvement in its fate, and pride in Russia and its heroes. Once again, we can see that no matter what hardships our Fatherland has to face, it always meets them with a united front, unity, and a strong will to win. This is part of our national character, which is passed down from generation to generation and will continue. Happy holiday to you! Happy Heroes of the Fatherland Day! <…> Vladimir Putin : Comrades, friends, Our Heroes, those who have received decorations, have spoken here about their military service and the service of their comrades-in-arms. Indeed, this service is hard, sometimes exhausting. No one knows this better than they do. It is hard work. It is truly a special type of service and special work. In addition to being difficult and sometimes exhausting, it is also dangerous. Not everyone can make such a choice, such a conscious choice, and even if they do make this choice, no everyone can cope with it. This is a special mission to defend one's Fatherland and one's people, without sparing oneself, one's health or one's life. Of course, such people have always, at all times enjoyed special respect in our country, in Russia. This has always been the case, and it remains the case today. Please accept my heartfelt greetings on this holiday, Day of the Heroes of the Fatherland. I also extend my greetings to our comrades-in-arms, who are here with us today and have received these high decorations. Happy holiday! Topics Armed Forces State decorations Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: December 9, 2024, 13:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75805 Text version