Events Meeting with Moscow Region Governor Andrei Vorobyov The Governor of the Moscow Region briefed the President on the socioeconomic situation in the region. July 11, 2022 13:45 The Kremlin, Moscow At the beginning of the meeting, the President noted that the Moscow Region showed good results in many regards. Andrei Vorobyov Vorobyov Andrei Governor of Moscow Region said that the population of the region has been growing, and many young people moved there. New schools are being built, and the modernisation of healthcare is a priority. A new children’s hospital will open ahead of schedule, in the first quarter of 2024. With support from the Defence Ministry, a large hospital in Istra has been built. The region’s budget is growing. The Governor also mentioned the relevant issue of attention and care for the current developments in Donbass, in the LPR and the DPR. The Moscow Region is charged with restoring two districts; work is underway to rebuild schools by September 1, as well as bridges and roads. The region is working in coordination with the federal structures, and considers this work another priority. According to the Governor, the federal project on import substitution, implemented together with the Ministry of Industry and Trade, is also very important. Projects are going well with the support of the Federal Industrial Development Fund. Twenty-three out of 120 projects are in progress. These are high-tech projects, such as the manufacturing of industrial and domestic boilers. They used to be purchased in Germany and other countries, and today preparations are underway to start building a plant to manufacture them. There is also a project to produce industrial and domestic water filters. The region is actively implementing digital transformation so as to provide all services remotely. Up to 95 percent of services are available from home. The Governor also spoke about the development of public spaces and the Parks in the Forest projects; 25 out of 50 projects are in progress. They develop large areas suitable for walking, running, active sports and skiing in the winter. In addition, small businesses such as trade and services can set up premises there. Andrei Vorobyov also spoke about preferential connection to gas grids: the number of households and houses connected to gas networks in the region will reach 115,000 by the end of the year. Geography Moscow Region Topics Economy and finance Regions Social services Persons Vorobyov Andrei Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 11, 2022, 13:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68852 Text version