Events Meeting with President of the Central African Republic Faustin-Archange Touadera Vladimir Putin held a meeting with President of the Central African Republic Faustin-Archange Touadera following the plenary sessions of the second Russia–Africa Summit. July 28, 2023 20:45 St Petersburg President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr President, friends, I am delighted to welcome you, Mr President. We keep in touch with you on a constant basis. Thank you for accepting the invitation to take part in the Russia–Africa summit. Based on the time-tested traditions of Soviet-African friendship, we aim to consistently develop mutually beneficial ties with the countries on the continent and – as you know, I have repeatedly mentioned this – to expand cooperation in all areas: in politics, the economy and in the humanitarian sphere. Mr President, we highly appreciate your sincere desire to promote Russia-CAR partnership across the board. As I have said, you found an opportunity to come to St Petersburg, despite an important domestic political event in your country – the national referendum on a new constitution. I wish you a successful completion of the referendum for the benefit of the republic and its citizens. Events of such calibre are obviously aimed at enhancing domestic political stability, which is essential for development, including in the economy. I would like to emphasise that cooperation between our countries has received a good boost in recent years. We consistently support the efforts taken by the CAR leadership to enhance national sovereignty and defence capacity, and tackle extremist and terrorist groups. We provide practical assistance to you and will continue to do so. Regrettably, our trade and economic ties so far fall behind the general level of cooperation. But we are committed to taking efforts to improve the situation, including through promoting ambitious projects. You arrived in Russia together with a representative delegation that includes members of your government. I hope their meetings with their Russian colleagues will be productive. We see significant potential in such areas as joint mining projects, development of energy and agro-industrial industries, and deliveries of Russian-produced equipment and agricultural machinery. Mr President, as you know, we offer humanitarian support as well. In August 2022, a batch of food was donated to the republic as part of Russia’s voluntary targeted contribution under the UN World Food Programme. We have noted Central African citizens’ growing interest in studying at Russian universities. To this end, we have increased the scholarship quota for Central African students from the Russian federal budget for 2023–2024. The Russian House, a Russian cultural centre opened in Bangui in 2021, makes an immense contribution to the expansion of humanitarian ties through offering Russian language courses and organising educational events for Central Africans to get a better understanding of our history and culture. Our countries share a common stance in the international arena; we coordinate steps on major regional and global issues and appreciate the support you offer to us within the UN as well as other international organisations. Once again, I would like to thank you for being here with us today at the Russia–Africa summit in St Petersburg. Thank you. To be continued. See also Russia–Africa Summit July 28, 2023 Geography Central African Republic Topics Foreign policy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 28, 2023, 20:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71831 Text version