Events Teacher’s Day greetings October 5, 2024 00:00 Teacher’s Day greetings. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Friends, I wish you all the very best on Teacher’s Day. This day is a professional holiday not only for schoolteachers – it includes university faculty members, mentors at colleges and technical schools, and everyone else working in education, investing their time and energy in mentoring and fostering the younger generation, the future of our nation. I would certainly like to join the words of sincere gratitude addressed to you today by your students and graduates, as well as their parents and grandparents. You have chosen a challenging path; it is a noble mission that requires great responsibility. Teachers devote themselves entirely to their students, striving to help them grow up to be worthy individuals, gain knowledge, and learn the values and principles that will become a reliable support for them in adult life. A teacher’s work warrants enormous respect. It is of the deepest constructive nature because it involves helping every student find their own path, their calling, achieve personal success and benefit people and their nation. Russia has always been famous for its strong teacher-training school. People of all ages and professions always remember their teachers and mentors with warmth, and are grateful for their involvement and dedication. I am sure that you are also role models for many young people, who may be inspired to choose this profession in their teens. We rightfully take pride in this continuity of generations and traditions that are carefully preserved and promoted. This helps us to confidently move forward and improve our education system on a sovereign basis, combining the best practices from the pre-Revolution and Soviet schools with modern-day approaches. We systematically update educational programmes to provide our children with knowledge that is in demand in today’s dynamic, high-tech world, and enhance the education infrastructure. Naturally, it is essential to create conditions for teachers’ professional growth, and for the widest possible application of best practices and methods. In this regard, teacher competitions, which are part of a good and long-standing tradition in our country, are playing an increasingly important role. The Russian Forum of Class Teachers, which is underway in Moscow, has also become a significant platform for the exchange of experience and for celebrating class mentors’ accomplishments. In particular, thanks to such competitions and other projects, we can see time and again how many outstanding, talented and passionate teachers we have in our country. Please accept my warmest greetings on this holiday. I wish you and your students every success, the best of health and happiness. Your students’ achievements and victories are the best confirmation of the significance of your work, your professional dedication and generosity of heart. All the best and happy Teacher’s Day. Topics Professional training School Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: October 5, 2024, 00:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75265 Text version