Events Meeting with Alexander Khinstein December 5, 2024 22:45 President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr Khinshtein, your entire, or should I say, a significant portion of your professional career has been closely tied to your work in the State Duma. See also Alexander Khinshtein appointed Acting Governor of the Kursk Region December 5, 2024 Still, I would like to highlight the two years from 2016 to 2018, when you served as an adviser to the Director of the Federal Service of National Guard Troops – Commander-in-Chief of the National Guard Troops of the Russian Federation. In this context, I would like to offer you the position of Acting Governor of the Kursk Region. Considering the current situation in the region, it is in need of crisis management. As this territory gets liberated from the enemy, much will need to be done there to restore the housing and utilities sector, to rebuild the economy of this region in general, but also of the territories that are being liberated by our troops now. Most importantly, we need to provide relief to the local people who need help now and will need it in the near future as well. Are you ready? Alexander Khinshtein Khinshtein Alexander Acting Governor of Kursk Region : Mr President, this is a great honour for me, and I immensely appreciate the great amount of trust that you are placing in me. I will do my best to be worthy of your trust. I hope I will manage to accomplish the tasks at hand. I am aware of how difficult the situation in the Kursk Region is today, which makes accomplishing these tasks even more important. This is our land, and we must do everything we can for the residents of Kursk Region to feel part of our big country. Vladimir Putin : You have an impressive track record and excellent relations with the people in the executive authorities. Your previous experience of working in the law enforcement agencies should be put to good use in order to accomplish the tasks you have been assigned. Alexander Khinshtein : Mr President, I will do my best and make every effort to meet your expectations. Vladimir Putin : Good. We will discuss this in more detail now. <…> Geography Kursk Region Topics Regions Persons Khinshtein Alexander Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: December 5, 2024, 22:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75773 Text version