Events Meeting with Vladimir Mazur Vladimir Mazur has been appointed Acting Governor of the Tomsk Region. May 10, 2022 20:20 The Kremlin, Moscow Vladimir Mazur has been appointed Acting Governor of the Tomsk Region. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Good afternoon, Mr Mazur. Vladimir Mazur: Good afternoon, Mr President. Vladimir Putin: Mr Mazur, I have seen your impressive work record. You started out as a rank-and-file farmer in Siberia, and you know Siberia very well. It would be no exaggeration to say that you later received a brilliant education and defended a PhD thesis. You have such a large family with five children. These are all your children? Vladimir Mazur: Yes, I have a son, a daughter and triplet daughters. Vladimir Putin: This is great, my congratulations. That is a big achievement in life. To the best of my knowledge, you worked as Deputy Governor of the Tyumen Region, and you headed the administration of Tobolsk. On the whole, you have good knowledge of Siberia. What do you think about the development of the Tomsk Region, which ranks among key Siberian and Russian territories? It has tremendous potential, not to mention its education cluster. Go ahead, please. Vladimir Mazur: Thank you, Mr President. Indeed, the city of Tomsk has a very impressive potential. It is a region of talented and hard-working people, including scientists and farmers tilling high-risk land plots. Of course, my current high-priority tasks include efforts to evaluate the region’s socioeconomic development and healthcare system. We need to make people’s lives better, more comfortable and safer. Of course, it is now important to focus on the creation of jobs and a new economic potential that the region, without doubt, boasts. Mr President, considering our experience, the people and we will not let you down, and I am confident that we will achieve good results. Vladimir Putin: Good, Mr Mazur. I wish you every success and good luck. Vladimir Mazur. Thank you very much. Vladimir Putin: We will discuss specific aspects of your work later on. I wish you all the best, and good luck. Vladimir Mazur: Thank you very much, and I wish you all the best. See also Vladimir Mazur appointed Acting Governor of the Tomsk Region May 10, 2022 Geography Tomsk Region Topics Civil service Regions Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: May 10, 2022, 20:20 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68384 Text version