Events The Supreme Eurasian Economic Council Meeting Leningrad Region hosted the Supreme Eurasian Economic Council Meeting. December 26, 2024 16:30 Leningrad Region The meeting participants discussed current issues regarding the Eurasian Economic Union’s activities, plans for further deepening of integration processes, and development of the Union’s single market. The meeting began in a restricted format and later continued in an expanded format. Several documents were approved following the meeting, including the Agreement on a Single Customs Transit System of the Eurasian Economic Union and Third Parties, as well as the Protocol on Amendments to the Treaty on the Eurasian Economic Union of May 29, 2014, concerning a special mechanism for conducting investigations and making decisions on the application or non-application of special protective, anti-dumping, and compensatory measures. The following decisions were also approved: On the Obligations of the Republic of Belarus Regarding State Support for Agriculture, On the Guidelines of the Eurasian Economic Union’s International Activities for 2025, On the Entry into Force of the Free Trade Agreement Between the Eurasian Economic Union and its Member States, on the One Hand, and the Islamic Republic of Iran, on the Other Hand, dated December 25, 2023, On Granting the Islamic Republic of Iran Observer Status in the Eurasian Economic Union, and On Amending the Action Plan for the Establishment of a Common Electricity Market within the Eurasian Economic Union. Additionally, the directives On the Functioning of the Single Services Market within the Eurasian Economic Union and On the Implementation of Liberalisation Plans for Specific Service Sectors within the Eurasian Economic Union were approved, along with several documents regarding organisational matters. See also All news about the trip to Northwestern Federal District. Informal CIS Summit and meeting of Supreme Eurasian Economic Council December 24 − 26, 2024 * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr Pashinyan should be in touch. Good afternoon. If I may, I would like to make some opening remarks, and I will then give the floor to you as chairman. Colleagues, I am delighted to welcome you all at the Supreme Eurasian Economic Council Meeting. Today, we will sum up the results of the outgoing year, and we will review a number of new important decisions, due to be approved by the Council. They aim to deepen intra-EAEU cooperation in the most diverse spheres still further. We will certainly discuss current integration development issues, and we will chart plans for the future. This year marks the tenth anniversary of signing the Treaty on Establishing the Eurasian Economic Union. In May, Moscow hosted a meeting of the Supreme Eurasian Economic Council, dedicated to this anniversary date. Our association has asserted itself as an independent and self-sufficient centre of an emerging multipolar world, and it continues to develop dynamically. The Eurasian Economic Union’s activities help expand trade and investment exchanges, boost business contacts and deepen cooperation ties. Most importantly, integration collaboration brings real benefits to every member of our association. It helps facilitate stable and sustained economic growth in the five member states and in the entire Eurasian region. This improves living standards of our countries’ citizens and their well-being. I would like to note that Russia values mutually beneficial multi-faceted cooperation with EAEU partners, and we are sincerely interested in invigorating joint work to comprehensively strengthen our integration association. I am convinced that all colleagues, who are present here, share this commitment. I therefore hope that our meeting will be productive and truly business-like. And, as I have already said in the beginning, after my opening remarks I will ask the Prime Minister of the Republic of Armenia, Nikol Pashinyan, as the incumbent Chairman of the Supreme Eurasian Economic Council, to chair our current event via videoconference. Mr Pashinyan, you have the floor. Thank you. <…> Topics EAEU Foreign policy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: December 26, 2024, 16:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75948 Text version