Events Russia-Kazakhstan talks Vladimir Putin and President of the Republic of Kazakhstan Kassym-Jomart Tokayev held talks at the Akorda Residence. November 27, 2024 21:00 Astana Before the talks, President of the Republic of Kazakhstan Kassym-Jomart Tokayev Tokayev Kassym-Jomart President of the Republic of Kazakhstan held an official welcoming ceremony for President of Russia Vladimir Putin. During the ceremony, the heads of state introduced the members of their respective delegations. The international consultations began with a restricted attendance meeting between the leaders, followed by a meeting with the participation of the two countries’ delegations. During the state visit, a package of documents was signed, including the Joint Statement by the President of the Russian Federation and the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan on the enhancement of strategic partnership within the new world order. Among the executed documents is the Programme for Interregional and Cross-Border Cooperation between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of the Republic of Kazakhstan for 2024–2028. Additionally, intergovernmental agreements were signed on collaboration in the development of railway transport and infrastructure, motorways, as well as road and railway checkpoints along the state border between Russia and Kazakhstan. Further agreements pertain to cooperation in healthcare and tourism. Also, documents were signed regarding trade and economic collaboration in the supply of oil and petroleum products to the Republic of Kazakhstan and cooperation between various ministries and departments of the two nations. Following the bilateral talks, the presidents of Russia and Kazakhstan made statements for the media. Additional All news about the visit to Kazakhstan November 28, 2024 Geography Kazakhstan Topics Foreign policy Persons Tokayev Kassym-Jomart Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: November 27, 2024, 21:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75679 Text version