Events Visit to State Hermitage Museum Vladimir Putin visited the State Hermitage Museum and presented the Order for Services to the Fatherland, I Degree, to museum’s Director General Mikhail Piotrovsky. December 24, 2024 17:15 St Petersburg The President toured the halls of the permanent exposition of classical antiquity and reviewed the work of the museum’s art restorers. In particular, he was shown several restored masterpieces from the museum’s collection: an antique bronze statue of Calvatone Victoria, goddess of victory, and a collection of 18 th century Imperial Court jewellers Jérémie Pauzié and Louis David Duval. Vladimir Putin was accompanied by Deputy Prime Minister Tatyana Golikova Golikova Tatyana Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation , Presidential Aide Vladimir Medinsky Medinsky Vladimir Aide to the President , Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Northwestern Federal District Alexander Gutsan Gutsan Alexander Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Northwestern Federal District , and Governor of St Petersburg Alexander Beglov Beglov Alexander Governor of St Petersburg . Hermitage Director General Mikhail Piotrovsky gave the guests a tour. In early December, the State Hermitage celebrated its 260 th anniversary: in 1764, Empress Catherine the Great established an art gallery in the Winter Palace after acquiring a collection of 225 paintings by Dutch and Flemish masters. Today, the Hermitage is one of the world’s largest museums, with its main exposition occupying several buildings along the Neva embankment. The museum’s collection features over three million items including paintings, sculptures, archaeological finds, documents, photographs and other art objects. This year alone, 3.2 million people visited the Hermitage. After a tour of the museum, a ceremony was held to present the Order for Services to the Fatherland, I Degree, to Mikhail Piotrovsky. The state decoration was awarded to the Director General of the Hermitage for his substantial contribution to the development of Russian culture and art and many years of fruitful work. Mikhail Piotrovsky turned 80 on December 9, 2024. Later that day, Deputy Prime Minister Tatyana Golikova submitted to the President a concept for a new branch of the Hermitage Museum – in the Stock Exchange Building on the Spit of Vasilyevsky Island – which will be dedicated to Russia’s military glory. The concept is based on the image of the prince and military leader Alexander Nevsky, in particular the feats he performed in the 13 th century on the banks of the Neva River – in the area of future St Petersburg – and on Lake Chudskoye. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr Piotrovsky, I would like to begin by once again wishing you a happy 80 th birthday and all the best. I am delighted to have the opportunity to do so in person. I am particularly pleased to present to you the Order for Services to the Fatherland, I Degree, here, on the premises of the State Hermitage Museum. You have become the full cavalier of this order, and I would like to congratulate you once again. This is clearly a symbol of acknowledgment of your enormous contribution to the development of Russian culture and the preservation of its rich heritage. This year, the Russian museum community is also celebrating the 260 th anniversary of the State Hermitage Museum, which has been the focus of your life, your very fruitful research and creative activities for years. Indeed, the capabilities of this major cultural centre have expanded considerably over this time, largely thanks to your talent, energy and expertise. The Hermitage as we know it today is a modern museum centre, a platform for fascinating, daring, promising, creative, research and educational projects. It is only natural that this museum enjoys great love and popularity among the visitors. You deservedly take the rightful place among the outstanding representatives of national and global culture and at the same time, I would like to emphasise this, you maintain a principled civic stance. Once again, I sincerely congratulate you on your 80 th birthday. May you achieve fulfilment of your creative plans, ideas and endeavours – I know that you have many of them. All the best and a Happy New Year. Congratulations! <…> See also Meeting with Director General of State Hermitage Museum Mikhail Piotrovsky December 24, 2024 Geography Saint Petersburg Topics Culture Regions State decorations Persons Beglov Alexander Golikova Tatyana Gutsan Alexander Medinsky Vladimir Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: December 24, 2024, 17:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75938 Text version