Events Meeting with permanent members of the Security Council The President held a meeting, via videoconference, with the permanent members of the Security Council. June 28, 2024 18:40 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region Meeting with permanent members of the Security Council (via videoconference). The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Mishustin Mikhail Prime Minister of the Russian Federation , State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin Volodin Vyacheslav Chairman of the State Duma , Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Anton Vaino Vaino Anton Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , Presidential Aide Nikolai Patrushev Patrushev Nikolai Aide to the President , Defence Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei Defence Minister of the Russian Federation , Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov Lavrov Sergei Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation , Director of the Federal Security Service Alexander Bortnikov Bortnikov Alexander Director of the Federal Security Service , Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergei Naryshkin Naryshkin Sergei Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service , and Special Presidential Representative for Environmental Protection, Ecology, and Transport Sergei Ivanov Ivanov Sergei Special Presidential Representative for Environmental Protection, Ecology and Transport . * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, colleagues. Today, we will review the steps the Russian Federation should take regarding the unilateral moratorium on the deployment of ground-based intermediate- and shorter-range missiles. See also News of the Security Council As you are aware, several years ago, under a far-fetched pretext, the United States withdrew from this treaty and announced that they would start producing these missile systems. In 2019, we announced that we would neither produce these missiles, nor deploy them as long as the United States does not deploy such systems anywhere around the globe. We now know that the United States is not only producing these missile systems, but has brought them to Europe, Denmark, to use in exercises. Not long ago, it was reported that they are in the Philippines. It is unclear whether they have taken these missiles out from the Philippines or not. In any case, we need to respond to this and decide on our further steps in this regard. It appears that we need to begin producing these attack systems and then, based on the actual situation, decide on where to deploy them to ensure our security, if necessary. I would like the Foreign Minister and the Defence Minister address these points. Let’s get to work. Mr Lavrov, the floor is yours. <…> Geography United States Topics Foreign policy National security Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts , Security Council Publication date: June 28, 2024, 18:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74437 Text version