Events Meeting with St Petersburg Governor Alexander Beglov Vladimir Putin held a working meeting with St Petersburg Governor Alexander Beglov. April 26, 2024 17:40 St Petersburg At the beginning of the conversation, Alexander Beglov Beglov Alexander Governor of St Petersburg thanked the President for supporting the city owing to which St Petersburg has been making steady headway as a metropolis of the 21 st century. The Governor informed the President about support measures for the families of the special military operation participants and cooperation with the Defenders of the Fatherland Fund. According to Mr Beglov, out of 11,500 claims received by the Fund, 10,684 were satisfied, while the remaining ones are in the works, they are being resolved in due course. See also All news about the trip to St Petersburg April 26, 2024 A total of 40 socially important facilities have been built in Mariupol, a twin city of St Petersburg. Another 23 facilities will be put into service under this year’s plan. In accordance with the President’s instruction, 2,500 children from the DPR and 850 children from Belgorod are on vacation in St Petersburg. During the meeting, a special focus was given on social issues. Vladimir Putin noted the growth of families with many children in St Petersburg by 30 percent in the last five years and an increase in life expectancy. The Governor explained this by the effect of the national projects which is tangible in both St Petersburg and the rest of the country. Further, the President and the Governor talked about the growth of industrial output in St. Petersburg, which is triple national average. The Governor noted the contribution of the shipbuilding industry – about 60 high-class ships are being built in the city’s shipyards. In his opinion, this gave an boost to the development of other industries in St. Petersburg. In addition, Mr Beglov reported that the city had overcome the crisis in its automobile industry after the exit of Western partners, and retained 12,500 jobs at the automobile plants. The President and the Governor also discussed the improvement of public spaces – the opening of embankments, parks and gardens, and the restoration of unique old fountains in courtyards. The President supported Mr Beglov’s intention to run for St Petersburg Governor in the forthcoming election. He noted that one must primarily be based on the choice of the city residents and for this purposes it is essential to work with them directly as much as possible. Geography Saint Petersburg Topics Regions Persons Beglov Alexander Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: April 26, 2024, 17:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73946 Text version