Events Meeting on economic issues The President held a meeting on economic issues, via videoconference. February 17, 2022 18:20 The Kremlin, Moscow Taking part in the meeting were Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Mishustin Mikhail Prime Minister of the Russian Federation , First Deputy Prime Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei First Deputy Prime Minister , First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Sergei Kiriyenko Kiriyenko Sergei First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , Deputy Prime Minister and Chief of the Government Executive Office Dmitry Grigorenko Grigorenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff , Presidential Aide Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Aide to the President , Minister of Economic Development Maxim Reshetnikov Reshetnikov Maxim Minister of Economic Development , Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov Siluanov Anton Finance Minister and Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina Nabiullina Elvira Governor of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation (Bank of Russia) . * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Colleagues, good afternoon. We are starting a series of meetings to prepare this year’s Address to the Federal Assembly. This is a large, complex and substantive job, which needs to take into account a number of important aspects. This is a team project of course, because although the President is the one who announces the decisions we have prepared, says what needs to be done and how to achieve our goals, it is our joint task. I suggest we begin by analysing the overall macroeconomic picture and consider an updated economic forecast for the next three years. We will discuss their impact on the implementation of current government projects and programmes, as well as on the launch of new initiatives. I must say that the Russian economy fared well last year amid the difficult global situation. According to the Ministry of Economic Development, the country's GDP grew by 4.6 percent, which means the national economy not just fully compensated for the 2020 decline, but exceeded the pre-crisis level. Unlike many other leading economies, Russia has normalised its budgetary policy. Last year, the federal budget ended with a surplus equal to 0.4 percent of GDP. As a reminder, a year earlier, we ran a 3.8 percent deficit. The country’s non-oil and gas revenues amounted to 16.2 trillion rubles last year. Fourth quarter revenue exceeded the forecast the Government had enclosed with the federal budget law by more than 20 percent. This positive trend has continued into this year: in January, non-oil and gas revenues were 27 percent higher than a year earlier. Let me emphasise that with steady revenues, we will be able to address current problems and meet targets, as well as take new, additional measures to develop the economy and infrastructure, to strengthen the social sphere and support Russian families. At the same time, it is important that budget planning be systematic. We need to continue to apply the budget rule – I am making a point of saying this to emphasise – to ensure a balance of public finances and the stability of key macroeconomic indicators. I would like to specifically point out that inflation has recently become a serious challenge for most countries. In Russia, consumer prices accelerated by 8.7 percent year-on-year in January, which is noticeably above the target. However, the situation in the so-called developed market economies is not much better either. For comparison, in the United States, inflation reached 7.5 percent in January, much higher than market expectations, and in the eurozone, 5.1 percent from a year ago. This is a serious challenge for those countries. Nevertheless, we need to take effective measures to reduce inflation in our country. Both the Government and the Central Bank should certainly play a significant role here, with the latter maintaining a responsible approach to the implementation of its monetary policy. It is important to coordinate the efforts of the Central Bank and the Government and do so, of course, with due regard for the Central Bank’s statutory authority and the effect this might have on business and investment activities; these joint efforts should further the objective of removing external and internal factors behind inflation. Rising prices primarily eat into people’s income, having an adverse effect on families’ well-being. Due to additional budget revenue, we have taken a decision to provide targeted support to the most vulnerable among us. We have made one-time payments to pensioners and families with schoolchildren and have additionally adjusted pensions, the minimum wage and the subsistence rate to account for inflation. We have adjusted maternal capital to reflect the real inflation rate. I would like to remind you that this year people’s real disposable income is expected to increase by at least 2.5 percent. This is a benchmark set for the Government and this objective must be achieved without fail. In this connection I would like to note that rising incomes should be ensured not only by effective social support measures but primarily, of course, by economic growth, as you and I both know. This is a key condition for achieving objectives in the social sphere. It is important to assess the situation objectively. Clearly, last year’s positive economic dynamics can largely be described as recovery and experts say that the potential for growth of this kind has been fully tapped. Under these new circumstances it is important to ensure sustainable long-term development to boost, so to speak, the potential growth rate of the Russian economy. The Government has been assigned this task and today we will talk about progress in accomplishing it. I would like to emphasise that we need to ensure broad-based development in all sectors of the economy and in each region of the country, which has to produce tangible results: improved well-being of the people and better quality of life all round, including the state of the urban environment, the environment in general, education and healthcare. In this context, I would also like to specially mention the objective of making quality healthcare services accessible everywhere in the country. We will soon discuss likely supplemental decisions on this and other matters at our next meetings. Now let us move on to our agenda. I would like to give the floor to Minister of Economic Development Maxim Reshetnikov. <…> Topics Economy and finance Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: February 17, 2022, 18:20 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/67797 Text version