Events Meeting with Interim President of Mali Assimi Goïta Vladimir Putin met with Interim President of the Republic of Mali Assimi Goïta. July 29, 2023 17:15 St Petersburg President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr President, friends, colleagues, I am very glad to meet you in person. We had contacts, talked on the telephone, but this is your first visit. At the beginning of our meeting today, I would like to thank you for coming to this event, the Russia–Africa summit, in person. I think it will be useful for all of us. It was very busy, with all our meetings, contacts and signing of important documents. It is important for Russia to maintain this level of cooperation with our friends in Africa. I hope that our meeting and our work that lasted for two, and now even for three days, has been useful for our African friends, too. At the same time, we regard Mali as a key partner in the region and share your interest in bringing bilateral relations to a completely new level. In particular, we note the high intensity of political dialogue: our foreign ministers communicate on a regular basis. The second Russia-Africa International Parliamentary Conference in March was attended by President of the National Transitional Council Malick Diaw. He met with Speaker of the Russian Parliament’s upper chamber [Valentina Matviyenko] and State Duma Speaker [Vyacheslav Volodin]. Mr President, our objective is to step up our trade and investment ties. Unfortunately, we can see a certain drop here: our trade was not highly developed before, yet there has been a drop, though our trade with many African countries is on the rise. But there are successful examples, too. In March, we launched a joint project to mine lithium in the region of Sikasso: 75 percent was acquired by a Rosatom subsidiary. Other promising areas include the development of the mining industry, energy, infrastructure and agriculture. All of this can be the subject of our joint work. Whenever necessary, we try to support Mali both directly and through the relevant UN agencies. The Russian Government, in particular, has decided to allocate two million US dollars for purchase of food for our Malian friends through the UN WFP [World Food Programme]. We attach great importance, including as part of building up potential for the future, to our cooperation in education. We believe that this is important, because it creates a very good foundation for the future and, I hope, will help develop various industries and the humanitarian sphere after the graduation of specialists from our universities in the interests of Mali. Malian specialists who graduated from Soviet and Russian universities – about 10,000 people – are still making a significant contribution to addressing problems of developing the republic’s statehood, national economy and social sphere. We have decided to significantly increase the quota of Russian state scholarships for students from Mali for the current academic year: from 35 to 290. We note that Russia and Mali have common approaches to key international and regional problems. Naturally, we hope that we will continue to stand together, like we do now, for compliance with international law and the preservation of the central role of the United Nations Organisation. As far as I know, you have decided to stay a little longer in St Petersburg: tomorrow you will be able to attend the events held as part of Russia’s Main Naval Parade. I hope this will be interesting, too. Thank you. To be continued. See also Russia–Africa Summit July 28, 2023 Geography Mali Topics Foreign policy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 29, 2023, 17:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71842 Text version