Events New turkey breeding centre launched in Tyumen Region Vladimir Putin took part in launching a turkey breeding centre in the Tyumen Region via videoconference. November 21, 2022 17:55 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region Minister of Agriculture Dmitry Patrushev Patrushev Dmitry Minister of Agriculture reported on the status of the livestock and poultry industry and plans for developing domestic selection and genetics. The meeting was also attended by Deputy Prime Minister Viktoria Abramchenko Abramchenko Viktoria Deputy Prime Minister , Presidential Aide Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Aide to the President , Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Urals Federal District Vladimir Yakushev Yakushev Vladimir Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Urals Federal District ,Kaliningrad Region Governor Anton Alikhanov Alikhanov Anton Governor of Kaliningrad Region , Kursk Region Governor Roman Starovoit Starovoit Roman Governor of Kursk Region , Moscow Region Governor Andrei Vorobyov Vorobyov Andrei Governor of Moscow Region , Tyumen Region Governor Alexander Moor Moor Alexander Governor of Tyumen Region , Chairman of the Board of Directors of Damate Group of Companies Naum Babayev, General Director of the Smena Genetic Selection Centre, an affiliate of the Russian Academy of Sciences Research Institute of Poultry Processing Industry, Anatoly Komarov, General Director of the Agropromkomplektatsiya Group of Companies Sergei Novikov, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Zalesye Agro-Industrial Holding Andrei Romanov. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, colleagues, hello to everyone. It is no secret that today the entire country is dealing with the issues that we consider an absolute priority. I mean the whole country. I will not go into detail about what’s happening in general at this point but now we are at an event we have planned, where we deal and will be dealing only with sectoral issues. At the same time, these issues are crucial for the economy in general, for enhancing our sovereignty in vital areas like the agro-industrial complex. Today, the first turkey breeding centre is being launched in the Tyumen Region. First, I would like to thank all those who took part in implementing this important project and to wish you future success. The new centre will produce hatching eggs, a product that is very much needed. They will be sent to turkey raising farms. Such projects are vital and are needed to substantially enhance our food security and independence, to provide our farms with domestic breeding material, to upgrade the quality of these products. We have talked many times about the importance of developing our own selection and genetics reserve in the livestock and poultry industry. It would be no exaggeration to say that this issue determines our technological, scientific and food sovereignty, our sustainability and ability to fill the Russian market with accessible and high-quality food products. These goals are becoming increasingly urgent now that we are subjected to sanctions pressure and global food challenges – these are common knowledge today. They are all the more important since we know that even before any sanctions, some states and corporations, global corporations were using their monopolistic advantages and competences in selection and in the production of genetic materials to curb their rivals and aggressively conquer markets. Notably, our earlier decisions to support the agro-industrial complex and agriculture science worked out well for us. We provide for our needs and are among the world's leading producers. We are helping and will continue to help countries that are facing food shortages caused by the imbalances which, in turn, without exaggeration, were caused by the reckless and unprofessional policies of a number of Western countries. I would like to once again thank all agricultural and rural workers for their good work. But we must definitely move forward, identify and respond to problems. Today, we have managed to ensure food security among most key products such as grain, sugar, vegetable oil, and fish products, to name a few. I would like to separately note the achievements of meat and meat product producers. In addition to saturating the domestic market, our livestock and poultry producers are exporting their products to more than 110 countries. Of course, we are aware of what we need to work on, such as fruits, vegetables, milk, and dairy products in general. To reiterate, given our land area and other resources, the industry’s potential is tremendous. To tap it, it is critically important for us to consolidate our positions, achieve tangible progress and the necessary independence in a sensitive area like the seed and breeding fund which is the base of the agro-industrial complex and a basis for increasing the yield of our crops and the productivity of our farms. Today, we have online with us companies that will breed domestic meat chickens, are already engage in livestock breeding, and are forming a genetic base in pig breeding. In April (April 4 or 5) we covered in depth the development of the agro-industrial complex. Specific goals were set, including support for genetic selection centres. As a reminder, 5 billion rubles have been set aside for these purposes in 2022–2023. What I propose doing today is to assess our achievements and outline long-term plans in breeding and genetic work in the interest of the agro-industrial complex, and to discuss additional decisions that are needed here. Let’s discuss, or at least touch on these issues and outline our goals for the near future. [Minister of Agriculture] Dmitry Patrushev is our next speaker. <…> Topics Agriculture Persons Patrushev Dmitry Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: November 21, 2022, 17:55 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69901 Text version