Events Greetings to participants, organisers and guests of the 9th Eastern Economic Forum Vladimir Putin sent greetings to the participants, organisers and guests of the 9th Eastern Economic Forum. August 27, 2024 12:00 The President's message reads: ”Friends, It is my pleasure to welcome you all to the 9 th Eastern Economic Forum. Over the years, the Forum has contributed significantly to the development of constructive economic ties between our country and other states in the Asia-Pacific region. A direct, informal communication that occurs here between Russian entrepreneurs and their foreign counterparts, government agencies, social organisations, and the expert community makes it possible for us to discuss many topical issues on the regional agenda and develop beneficial projects together, a fact reflected in the forum’s slogan this year, ‘Far East 2030. Combining Strengths to Create New Potential’. The influence of the Asia-Pacific region in international affairs is growing fast. New opportunities for productive cooperation are opening up here, including within such authoritative multilateral structures as the Eurasian Economic Community, the SCO, and BRICS. I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate that Russia is open to dialogue with all interested partners in the Asia-Pacific region and is determined to actively interact with others to build a fairer, more democratic system of international relations based on genuine equality, with no place for dictate, strong-arm tactics or sanctions pressure. The Forum participants are to discuss new promising forms of cooperation in various areas, from transport, energy and infrastructure to ecology and tourism. I trust you will enjoy constructive, informative discussions while your proposals and initiatives will be in demand on a practical level. I wish you every success and all the best.“ Geography Primorye Territory Topics Economy and finance Foreign policy Regions Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: August 27, 2024, 12:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74941 Text version