Events Meeting with Prime Minister of Mongolia Oyun-Erdene Luvsannamsrain Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister of Mongolia Oyun-Erdene Luvsannamsrain discussed the current state of bilateral relations in trade, the economy, humanitarian and other spheres. September 7, 2022 14:40 Russky Island, Primorye Territory President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr Prime Minister, I am very glad to meet you. First of all, I would like to thank you for accepting my invitation and for attending the economic forum in Vladivostok. Our bilateral relations have deep roots and rich history. Last year we marked the 100 th anniversary of our diplomatic relations. Economic ties are developing, and trade is growing. We have major projects, which we are interested in developing, such as the Ulaanbaatar Railway, as well as enterprises extracting mineral resources and metals. Now we are talking about the possible implementation of a major infrastructure project: the supply of Russian gas to China via Mongolia. See also Eastern Economic Forum plenary session September 7, 2022 Just an hour ago, the Rosneft CEO reported to me that agreements were reached during his working trip to Mongolia on expanding cooperation in this area. As far as I know, you have coordinated all issues related to the supply of oil and oil products. We have always had extensive cooperation in humanitarian sphere. We are satisfied with the level and nature of relations that have developed between Russia and Mongolia. A meeting with the President of Mongolia is planned to be held very soon in Uzbekistan, where we expect to also hold a trilateral summit with the President of China. I am very glad to see you. Prime Minister of Mongolia Luvsannamsrain Oyun-Erdene (retranslated) : Mr President, I am delighted to meet with you today. You came to our country on an official visit during celebrations of the 80 th anniversary of our common victory in the Battle of Khalkhin Gol, and I took part in the meeting of the two presidents. First of all, please accept our condolences on the loss of two embassy employees in Kabul. I am very pleased to convey to you the friendliest and warmest greetings from the President of our country. I hope our future meetings and our meetings during the forum will help us move the gas pipeline construction project forward. Last summer, in mid-summer, we jointly celebrated the 100 th anniversary of the people's revolution in Mongolia and celebrated the 100 th anniversary of the Mongolian People's Party as well. These centennial anniversaries coincided with the 100 th anniversary of Mongolian-Russian diplomatic relations. This 100-year period will be over a month from now, and we will move into the 101 st year of relations and cooperation. In the 100 years of its recent history, our country, first, secured its independence and sovereignty and made progress in its development. A foundation for science and education was built. We launched joint space exploration projects. All of the above is inextricably linked with our history and good relations with the Russian Federation. The Mongolian people have warm feelings for you, because during your presidency, and your term as Prime Minister, major issues in our relations, such as the final settlement of what is known as the “big debt” in transferable rubles were settled, and major projects were implemented which helped our country move forward. Now that we are making the transition from the first century of our relations and cooperation to the second century, unfortunately, we are faced with the pandemic and a challenging global geopolitical situation. One hundred years ago we faced similar challenges. Apparently, the cyclical nature of human evolution lies at the heart of such challenges. In the most difficult times, the Mongolian state and government, as well as the Mongolian people strive to maintain warm relations with our eternal neighbours, primarily, our northern neighbour Russia. Friendly, neighbourly and fraternal relations are not measured by any historical events. They are personal and grounded in the specific nature of our relations. In July, Russia’s Foreign Minister [Sergei] Lavrov visited Mongolia. During that visit, we had an open and in-depth discussion concerning the future of our bilateral relations and bilateral cooperation. We were satisfied with the outcome of that visit. I believe you were apprised of that information accordingly. <…> Additional All news about the trip to Primorye Territory September 7, 2022 Geography Mongolia Topics Foreign policy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: September 7, 2022, 14:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69304 Text version