Events Address to participants in 12th International Meeting of High Representatives for Security Issues April 24, 2024 09:45 Address to participants in 12th International Meeting of High Representatives for Security Issues. President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Colleagues, Welcome to St Petersburg for the opening of the 12 th International Meeting of High Representatives for Security Issues. During the upcoming plenary sessions, discussions, and roundtables, you will analyse the global landscape, discuss key aspects of global and regional stability, and share perspectives on enhancing responses to the most urgent and perilous contemporary challenges. Undoubtedly, international terrorism remains one of the gravest threats of the 21 st century. The objectives behind terrorist attacks occurring across various regions are not solely driven by radical groups, but also involve the intelligence services of certain nations. Their aim is to undermine constitutional foundations and destabilise sovereign states, fuelling interethnic and interreligious discord. At the same time, the tactics employed by these criminals are becoming increasingly complex and barbaric. Once again, this was demonstrated by the bloody terrorist attack that took place on March 22 in the Moscow Region. Russia’s intelligence services and law enforcement agencies are investigating and scrutinising every detail of this despicable act, identifying all parties involved, including instigators, sponsors, and orchestrators. None of them should escape just punishment. I know that your meeting will primarily focus on addressing the issue of safeguarding the information space from both external and internal threats. This topic holds importance for all nations, as it significantly contributes to ensuring national security, social stability, and economic development. We strongly advocate for the systematic and concerted efforts of the global community in establishing unified, legally binding norms and principles governing state conduct in the information domain. Undoubtedly, the key factor in strengthening the sovereignty and security of nations lies in safeguarding and protecting traditional spiritual and moral values. Historical experience demonstrates that countries preserving the national identity and unique heritage of their people, while also respecting the legacy of their ancestors and showing respect for other cultures and traditions, develop steadily and independently. This approach is especially important in the contemporary landscape, characterised by the emergence of a multipolar international order and a gradual shift towards the Global Majority. New centres of growth are actively consolidating their influence. I would like to reiterate: Russia is prepared for close collaboration with all interested partners to uphold global and regional security and to establish a new multipolar international order that aligns with the interests of the majority of nations. I am confident that your today’s meeting will bolster cooperation for the mutual benefit of our countries and peoples, in the interests of peace and stability worldwide. I wish you every success. Topics Foreign policy National security Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: April 24, 2024, 09:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73929 Text version