Events Meeting with President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev Vladimir Putin held talks in the Kremlin with President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev, who is in Russia on a working visit. April 22, 2024 15:30 The Kremlin, Moscow The two leaders continued their conversation over a working breakfast. Later on, Vladimir Putin and Ilham Aliyev met with veteran builders and current workers of the Baikal-Amur Mainline to mark the 50 th anniversary of the launch of its construction. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr Aliyev, Thank you for coming. These days, we are marking the 50 th anniversary of the Baikal-Amur Mainline. Everyone knows very well that your father played a very significant role, that he headed a government commission and repeatedly visited the construction site. In effect, he was one of the organisers of this ambitious project that had a major significance for the entire Soviet Union. Not only do we know this, but we also remember this, we are extremely grateful to him, and we harbour fond memories of this. Today, we will also meet with veterans of the BAM construction, and we have a lot to discuss. As you probably know, we are currently developing the so-called Eastern Operating Domain, including the BAM, the Trans-Siberian Mainline and everything linked with this. Consequently, all this is of major significance for us nowadays. I believe, or rather I am confident that all efforts, all years of work invested by your father in the implementation of this gigantic project, continue to play a substantial role for Russia and the entire Commonwealth of Independent States. One way or another, many of our partners are using this transport artery. Of course, we will have an opportunity to discuss our high-level bilateral relations that continue to develop. Our trade turnover is growing and has already exceeded four billion US dollars. Russian investment in the economy of Azerbaijan stands at six billion in US dollar equivalent. An intergovernmental commission is working actively. There are many interesting areas for collaboration in the real economy, cooperation, and infrastructure – I think, some of them are in the centre of public attention in our countries. Certainly, we will discuss the situation with efforts to facilitate regional security. There are very many highly sensitive issues here. You and I have been briefed on each of them. We are extremely delighted to see you. Welcome. President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev Aliyev Ilham President of Azerbaijan : Mr President, Thank you for the invitation, I am happy to meet with you again. I also extend my heartfelt gratitude for the invitation to participate in today’s event commemorating the 50 th anniversary of the commencement of construction of the Baikal-Amur Mainline. In Azerbaijan, we deeply value the reverence shown towards the memory of Heydar Aliyev by the Russian leadership and the general public alike. As you rightly pointed out, Heydar Aliyev played an active role in the implementation of this grand project, which, if memory serves me right, was referred to as the All-Union construction project. Thus, it is with great pleasure and honour that we join this event today, including the opportunity to meet others who also contributed to bringing this ambitious project to fruition. These memorable moments in history serve to deepen the bond between our countries and peoples, fostering the further progressive advancement of our relations. We are happy with the trajectory of our relationship. For over two years, we have been operating within the framework of the Declaration on Allied Interaction, signed here in the Kremlin in February 2022. This Declaration stands as the primary political document shaping the future development of our relations. As you noted, the agenda is quite comprehensive. We will also address the transportation aspect, including the North-South international transport corridor project. This project, which unites our countries and partners, holds global significance for ensuring the safety of cargo transportation and boosting trade relations among numerous countries. Regional security issues remain a consistent focus of our meetings, and we are happy with the progress in their resolution. Russia plays a pivotal role in ensuring regional security in the Caucasus and beyond. A lot depends on the actions and cooperation between our countries. We are committed to bolstering trust, cooperation, mutual understanding, and resolving issues in a spirit of collaboration and shared interests. Once again, I extend my sincere appreciation for today’s meeting and am confident that it will give a new boost to the development of our relations. Thank you. Vladimir Putin : Thank you. <…> Geography Azerbaijan Topics Foreign policy Persons Aliyev Ilham Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: April 22, 2024, 15:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73904 Text version