Events Meeting on restoring residential infrastructure Vladimir Putin held a meeting, via videoconference, on restoring the residential infrastructure destroyed in the border regions and as a result of emergencies. February 1, 2023 17:50 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region Taking part in the meeting were Deputy Prime Minister Marat Khusnullin Khusnullin Marat Deputy Prime Minister , Presidential Aide Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Aide to the President , Minister of Civil Defence, Emergencies and Natural Disaster Relief Alexander Kurenkov Kurenkov Alexander Minister for Civil Defence, Emergencies and Natural Disaster Relief , Minister of Economic Development Maxim Reshetnikov Reshetnikov Maxim Minister of Economic Development , Finance Minister Anton Siluanov Siluanov Anton Finance Minister , Minister of Construction, Housing and Utilities Irek Fayzullin Fayzullin Irek Minister of Construction, Housing and Utilities of the Russian Federation , Head of the Republic of Crimea Sergei Aksyonov Aksyonov Sergei Governor of the Republic of Crimea , the governors of the Trans-Baikal Territory, the Khabarovsk Territory, Amur Region, Belgorod Region, Bryansk Region, Irkutsk Region, Kursk Region, and the Jewish Autonomous Region, as well as First Deputy Minister of Transport Andrey Kostyuk. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Colleagues, good afternoon. At the end of last year, a special resolution on housing construction was proposed at a meeting of the Council for Strategic Development and National Projects, which concerns the new regions in the southwest of Russia: the Donetsk and Luhansk people’s republics, as well as the Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions. We are initiating a subsidised mortgage programme with an interest rate of only 2 percent in these Russian regions. The relevant government resolution has already been issued. The introduction of preferential mortgage rates should serve to develop construction in the new and, in fact, the old historical territories, and increase the volume of housing construction there and, in general, the pace of the restoration of the cities and towns. This work has already begun where the hostilities have ended, and it includes social facilities – kindergartens, schools, hospitals, clinics – that will be reopened, and communal infrastructure, roads, communication networks are being repaired. I want to thank the Russian regions that are helping our new constituent entities and sending financial resources, workforces, construction teams and equipment. I also want to remind you that there are support measures available at the federal level for citizens and regions in the event of property loss or damage. I should stress that the state will always help people in distress, and we will do everything we can to make sure that people are not left alone with these problems. I propose dedicating today’s meeting to a very important issue: support for the residents of Crimea, and the Belgorod, Bryansk and Kursk regions, whose houses and flats in the border areas have been damaged or destroyed by shelling by neo-Nazi groups. Last week, if you noticed, I met with the governor of the Belgorod Region, and he reported in detail on developments in his region and what kind of assistance was being provided to people in the Belgorod Region. Specific instructions were given on additional measures in this regard following the meeting, as well as on a range of other areas. Of course, I would like to ask you to ensure that everything we planned is carried out. And of course, the priority objective is to eliminate the very possibility of shelling, but this is for the military. A lot of people found themselves in a difficult situation: they lost their homes and had to move to live with their relatives or to temporary places of residence, and they faced interruptions in water, heat and electricity supply. I would like to draw the attention of my colleagues in the Government and on site: people’s problems are very acute, and it is necessary to repair or compensate for the loss of houses, flats and other property, and to restore the normal distribution of electricity, heat and water to these facilities. Let me stress that the solution to these problems should not stall or get bogged down in bureaucratic procedures. We need to act quickly and effectively. Another item on the agenda concerns support for the people who have lost their homes due to natural disasters, floods and fires. This refers, of course, to all of the Russian Federation where these events occurred. In these cases, we can work through the Ministry of Emergency Situations, the Ministry of Construction, and sectoral ministries and departments. We are talking about lump-sum payments and benefits, and financial assistance for victims. In addition, education, healthcare and cultural facilities are being restored with federal funding. I propose that we review this work over the past year. Have you managed to do everything we planned? And of course, we will talk about any problems, if they remain. Let us get to the agenda. The floor goes to Mr Khusnullin. Please. To be continued. Topics Construction industry Housing Housing and utilities Persons Khusnullin Marat Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: February 1, 2023, 17:50 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70428 Text version