Events Meeting with Sverdlovsk Region Governor Yevgeny Kuyvashev Vladimir Putin held a working meeting with Sverdlovsk Region Governor Yevgeny Kuyvashev via videoconference. May 20, 2022 18:50 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region The President suggested discussing the entire range of issues in the region. He noted that a number of fundamental indicators look good, for instance, maintaining the scale of industrial production, growth in construction and a budget surplus. Financial self-sufficiency is higher and unemployment is lower than the national average. Yet, there are problems that warrant special attention in the future. The Governor reported that economically the region survived the Covid period reasonably well. In the past year, the amount of shipped industrial produce exceeded three trillion rubles, which is 126 percent more than in 2020. In the first quarter of this year, the industrial production index reached 101.3 percent compared to the same period last year. The region’s industrial enterprises are implementing a number of large investment projects, including the manufacture of aviation spare parts, construction of a modern wheel-rolling mill and extensive localisation of small aircraft production – single-engine planes and helicopters. The region is developing the Kachkanar deposit and developing rail-and-structural steel production. It will take part in large-scale infrastructure projects of federal importance, such as the extension of the Moscow-Kazan-Yekaterinburg M-12 high-speed motorway. The region continues developing its gas infrastructure. In 2021, the region fully met all of its social commitments and strengthened the labour market. Defence companies are steadily fulfilling the state defence order. The region set a record in housing construction and achieved financial stability. The revenue of the regional budget in 2021 exceeded 359 billion while its expenses amounted to 343 billion rubles. About 70 percent of that is social spending. The region is focused on science and technology. In 2021, the Urals Inter-Regional Research and Education Centre had good results. Last year, the centre received 99 million rubles for its high-technology projects and this year this figure will increase to 101 million rubles. The region’s headquarters to monitor the situation and support the industrial complex is working to stabilise the regional economy under sanctions. It has drafted a regional import substitution plan. The Governor also spoke about the region’s participation in humanitarian support projects for the people of Donbass and assistance to the Donetsk and Lugansk people's republics. Over 390 tonnes of humanitarian cargo have been collected and shipped there. The Governor said that the World Student Games was the largest socially significant ongoing project in sports and construction. The work on developing the necessary infrastructure is on schedule. Yevgeny Kuyvashev Kuyvashev Yevgeny Governor of Sverdlovsk Region also noted that his term in office as Sverdlovsk Region Governor expires this year, and the President’s plans regarding his future employment are critically important to him. Vladimir Putin noted that he already listed the fundamental accomplishments achieved by the Governor and his team, which create a good foundation for the continued progress of the region, and said that he hoped that Governor Kuyvashev would keep up the good work. However, the President noted some challenges such as a decline in agricultural output. Governor Kuyvashev said half of the region’s agricultural land had been impacted by a major drought last year. A number of reclamation measures were taken this year. Even if the weather remains unchanged this year, the region hopes to do better than last year. This year, the region is meeting almost 98 percent of its demand in potatoes, eggs, pork, poultry and vegetables with its own resources. Vladimir Putin underscored that the environment is one of the most pressing problems. There are related Government programmes, and the Governor must keep this matter under his constant supervision. The President also said that motor vehicles adversely affect the environment, not only in the Sverdlovsk Region, so the Governor is doing the right thing planning to buy more trolleybuses, but the region must co-finance the effort. President Putin suggested working this issue through with the Government. With regard to Governor Kuyvashev’s suggestion to build a children's multidisciplinary hospital in Nizhny Tagil, the President promised to make the Governor’s letter available to the Government for further consideration. The President said he was aware of other public health issues as well. All the Governor’s requests to that effect will also be submitted to the Government. Geography Sverdlovsk Region Topics Regions Persons Kuyvashev Yevgeny Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: May 20, 2022, 18:50 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68454 Text version