Events Visit to Special Technology Centre The President visited the Special Technology Centre (STC) in St Petersburg, a supplier of unmanned aerial vehicles, electronic warfare systems, and communication systems. September 19, 2024 15:30 St Petersburg The head of state toured an exhibition of robotic systems supplied by the Ministry of Defence and the Popular Front. In particular, the president was shown tracked platforms, kamikaze drones, reconnaissance systems with an unmanned aerial vehicle, and an exhibit of a loitering munition. The president was accompanied by First Deputy Prime Minister Denis Manturov Manturov Denis First Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation , Deputy Chief of the Presidential Executive Office Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , Deputy Chief of the Presidential Executive Office – Presidential Press Secretary Dmitry Peskov Peskov Dmitry Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office, Presidential Press Secretary , Presidential Aide Alexei Dyumin Dyumin Alexei Aide to the President , Defence Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei Defence Minister of the Russian Federation , Deputy Defence Minister Alexei Krivoruchko, STC Director General Roman Agafonnikov, and Head of the Popular Front Mikhail Kuznetsov Kuznetsov Mikhail Head of the Russian Popular Front Executive Committee . * * * The centre, which was founded in 2001, has its own full-cycle production base starting from experimental design work to serial production, commissioning, maintenance. and repair of products. The STC’s signature series is the unique multifunctional unmanned aerial vehicles of the Orlan family, the most popular in the world in their class. It has also been developing small spacecraft such as CubeSat and propulsion systems since 2021. Over the first eighteen months, five devices were launched into space, and more than ten satellites are planned to be launched in 2024–2025. Law enforcement and security agencies are the centre’s key customers. The company’s innovations have proven their effectiveness in real combat conditions, including in the special military operation zone. The centre employs over 5,000 people; the scientific novelty of the company’s developments is confirmed by more than 100 patents for 163 inventions. The head office is located in St Petersburg, and structural divisions are located in 16 Russian regions. Geography Saint Petersburg Topics Armed Forces Industry Persons Belousov Andrei Dyumin Alexei Manturov Denis Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: September 19, 2024, 15:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75140 Text version