Events Meeting with Zaporozhye Region Governor Yevgeny Balitsky Vladimir Putin held a working meeting with Governor of the Zaporozhye Region Yevgeny Balitsky. During the meeting, the Governor briefed the President on the progress of building and renovating key social infrastructure, including schools and hospitals, as well as road development efforts. They also addressed the state of the industrial and agricultural sectors, compensation to the people who lost their homes, and measures to ensure the safety of the Zaporozhye Nuclear Power Plant. November 18, 2024 13:30 The Kremlin, Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, Mr Balitsky. How are you? Governor of the Zaporozhye Region Yevgeny Balitsky Balitsky Yevgeny Governor of the Zaporozhye Region : Good afternoon, Mr President. Today, following your instructions, we have launched a significant infrastructure project. Construction has already begun of a critical social and medical facility that the Zaporozhye Region currently lacks due to the fact that we do not have a regional city so far. This facility is the Regional Children's Hospital. Why do I emphasise this so strongly? Following your instructions, work on this project commenced and is progressing as planned, with Marat Khusnullin overseeing the process. This has generated a highly positive public response, as, unfortunately, we are currently unable to provide comprehensive, high-quality medical services to children due to the absence of such a hospital. Vladimir Putin : This ties back to the question you raised earlier. Yevgeny Balitsky : The key point is that this initiative originated from you, reflecting your commitment to supporting motherhood and childhood. It has resonated deeply with our population, among the residents of Zaporozhye, who see that the President not only makes promises but also follows through with concrete actions. This is very important for us. I would also like to highlight the ongoing efforts in the education sector as part of your directives. We are actively working on numerous projects across 362 educational institutions. Naturally, there are challenges. A shortage of qualified specialists in this field persists, compounded by the fact that many medical and educational facilities have not undergone renovations since the 1970s-1980s. We are addressing issues such as outdated infrastructure, including water supply, drainage systems, and electrical networks. While we face a slight shortage of workers, we view this not as a problem but as a task to be tackled. We are fully committed to meeting all the objectives you have set before us. Vladimir Putin: Unemployment rate in the region is at a minimum level. Yevgeny Balitsky: There is objectively a shortage of people. We have also opened six newly renovated schools; previously, there were 172 schools, and now we have 178. These indicators, as they used to say in Soviet times, are “our response to Chamberlain” today: response to those in the Ukrainian Nazi regime who are trying to turn the Zaporozhye Region into scorched earth. People are returning, and the region is reviving. Today we can see several factors which show that, unfortunately, there is still a shortage of qualified workers; however, the region is growing. The fact that this year we have built over 200 km of roads using only federal funds is an important infrastructural achievement. I am also proud to report that we are exceeding the plans set by the Government, due to a more efficient collection of taxes. The taxable base has tripled compared to the previous year, and not only thanks to profit tax, but also thanks to personal income tax, as well as thanks to combatting “envelopes” and the installation of cash registers: efforts that are being implemented today. The security issues, you have put me in charge of as the head of the region are very important, and we can see the Government’s support here. We have a nuclear power plant in the region. Today, Rosatom is taking all necessary measures to ensure that the facility is protected. We do not receive electricity from it yet, because our infrastructure is knocked out regularly, but the safety of the facility is at a high level. The regiment for nuclear, chemical and biological protection deployed there for radiation and chemical protection meets all requirements today, allowing us to confidently assert that there is no nuclear threat and that the nuclear facility is under control. All programmes for compensation following destruction are being implemented. There are a number of state government programmes in place to assist those affected by destruction: we compensate people for loss of housing, provide them with high-quality temporary shelter, and accommodate people at our recreation centres. Mr President, I can say with confidence that the Zaporozhye Region will fulfil your directives and achieve the average Russian standards in all sectors of the national economy in all regions with whom we can be compared today. Vladimir Putin: Recovery has been strong in agricultural and industrial growth. Yevgeny Balitsky: Yes, we are also working very hard in this respect. We harvested 2.5 million tonnes last year. This year, it may be a little less due to natural conditions and, unfortunately, because the Dnieper does not have the height it used to have due to the destruction of the dam. We are experiencing a drop in the groundwater level, which also affects the wells supplying the irrigation canals. However, I must say that today farmers are receiving equipment, including agricultural harvesters and tractors through Rosagroleasing; reapers are coming in today. The Ministry of Industry is paying much attention to this and is working on all programmes: the Territorial Development Fund, the Industry Development Fund, and programmes for attracting large enterprises. We are creating conditions for attracting investors. Vladimir Putin: Are investments coming in? Yevgeny Balitsky: Investments are coming in. A great deal of work has been done, and we are awaiting results in the near future, especially in the mining sector. One of the issues we will discuss, which is also very important for us, is making our region industrial. For that we need to intensify efforts related to sinter factories, mining, Zaporozhye Iron Ore Plant, our quarries. We need to build sinter factories there, so that we do not transport just ore, but sinter. This will significantly change the region's economy. Therefore, Mr Putin, all of your instructions are being fulfilled on time. I am confident that there are no problems for us – only tasks to accomplish. Vladimir Putin: Good. Let us talk in greater detail. <…> Geography Zaporozhye Region Topics Regions Persons Balitsky Yevgeny Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: November 18, 2024, 13:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75591 Text version