Events Talks with President of Brazil Jair Bolsonaro Vladimir Putin held talks in the Kremlin with President of the Federative Republic of Brazil Jair Bolsonaro, who is in Russia on an official visit. February 16, 2022 16:50 The Kremlin, Moscow The agenda included various aspects of strengthening the Russian-Brazilian strategic partnership, expanding cooperation in trade, the economy, science, technology, culture and humanitarian sphere. The leaders also exchanged opinions on key international issues. Following international consultations, the presidents of the two countries made statements for the press. In addition, a Joint Statement was adopted. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr President, See also Joint Statement by President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin and President of the Federative Republic of Brazil Jair Bolsonaro February 16, 2022 It is a pleasure to see you. Good afternoon. This is your first visit to our country. I hope it will be successful and pleasant. We are restoring relations interrupted, in one way or another, by the Covid-19 pandemic. On your instructions, the leading ministers of your Government have visited Moscow, and today, our defence and foreign ministers are meeting in the 2+2 format. We are working pro-actively at international venues as well. And, despite all the restrictions, our trade has grown by 87 percent. Additional Press statements following Russian-Brazilian talks February 16, 2022 I am happy to see you, Mr President, and I hope that this meeting will be useful, the more so that Brazil is a leading – and one can even say the leading – trade and economic partner of Russia in Latin America. This is of great importance. Welcome, Mr President. President of Brazil Jair Bolsonaro Bolsonaro Jair President of Brazil (retranslated) : It is a great pleasure, your invitation is a great honour for me. We feel a sense of solidarity with Russia. We have good prospects for cooperation in various areas, specifically defence, oil and gas, and agriculture. Our government ministers are also holding meetings. I am confident that my visit to Moscow is a signal to the whole world that our bilateral relations have good prospects for growth. I would like to thank you for pardoning a Brazilian national last year. We are ready for cooperation, and I would like to express confidence that this visit and our meeting will be quite productive. <…> Geography Brazil Topics Foreign policy Persons Bolsonaro Jair Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: February 16, 2022, 16:50 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/67778 Text version