Events Greetings to employees and veterans of Russian Foreign Ministry Vladimir Putin congratulated current staff and veterans of the Russian Federation Foreign Ministry on their professional holiday, Diplomatic Worker’s Day. February 10, 2023 09:00 The message reads, in part: “The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia can rightly take pride in its glorious traditions. Our diplomats fulfilled with honour their professional duty and set an example of patriotism and civic courage even in the most difficult times, in the face of severe trials. The best qualities of our country’s diplomatic service are much in demand today amidst the hybrid war unleashed against Russia. It is extremely important now to make the most of our foreign policy instruments to defend our state sovereignty and national security. The country managed not only to thwart the plans of the collective West to isolate Russia but also to step up cooperation with the majority of members of the international community largely owing to your efforts. I am referring to the states in Eurasia, the Middle East, the Asia-Pacific, Africa and Latin America. The agenda now is to continue building on this interaction with responsible international partners. It is particularly important to strengthen ties with the CIS countries, promote Eurasian integration processes, consolidate our alliance within the CSTO, realise the full potential of the Union State and expand cooperation in such associations as the SCO and BRICS. As before, we consider our absolute priorities to be protecting the lawful rights of Russian citizens and supporting our compatriots abroad, waging an uncompromising struggle against neo-Nazism and ethnic discrimination in all its forms. Of course, Russian diplomacy will continue supporting the trend towards the formation of a multipolar, truly democratic world order based on equality, mutual respect and observance of the generally recognised norms of international law. I am sure that you will continue giving your all to advance Russia’s foreign policy interests. I sincerely wish you new professional successes as well as good health, high spirits and a long life to our veterans.” Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: February 10, 2023, 09:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70489 Text version