Events Meeting with Head of Kabardino-Balkaria Kazbek Kokov Vladimir Putin met in the Kremlin with Head of the Kabardino-Balkarian Republic Kazbek Kokov to discuss the socioeconomic development of the region and the implementation of national projects. October 23, 2023 13:20 The Kremlin, Moscow Kazbek Kokov Kokov Kazbek Head of Kabardino-Balkarian Republic reported that despite the challenges of recent years, the economy of the Kabardino-Balkarian Republic had maintained positive dynamics in the main areas of its development. The investment in fixed capital amounted to about 14 billion rubles in six months, an increase of 125.8 percent. Industry grew by 103.8 percent, agricultural production by 105.6 percent, construction, 113 percent, and retail trade by 105.9 percent. The tourist flow has gone up 2.2 times in five years. Over the past eight months, one million tourists visited the republic. Own revenue has increased from 9.8 billion rubles in 2017 to 16.2 in 2022 and should amount to about 18 billion rubles in 2023. The consolidated budget has grown from 29 billion in 2017 to 70.9 billion rubles in 2022. The increase in own revenue makes it possible to address many social issues. Over the past three years, labour remuneration in the public sector has grown by 10 percent annually. In three years, the poverty rate has decreased from 24.2 percent to 16.4 percent. In five years, nine schools with a total capacity of 5,100 pupils and 55 pre-school institutions with 3,500 places have been built. Sixteen schools for 10,000 pupils are currently under construction. The discussion also covered efforts to upgrade primary care, to build a cancer centre, to renew the ambulance fleet, to purchase medical equipment, to build roads and housing, and to pursue large investment projects. These include the creation of a 100-hectare greenhouse complex, the development of an all-season Elbrus resort, the re-launch of the Gipsolit construction materials plant and the mining of tungsten-molybdenum ores, the construction of a hydropower plant, and a fruit processing plant with the capacity of 240 tonnes a day. Mr Kokov reported that 11 athletic and recreation complexes, 46 multi-purpose grounds, four football pitches and 74 school gyms had been built. Also, eight cultural facilities have been built in the republic and 32 facilities have been renovated. With regard to the youth policy (there are 266,000 young people in the region, almost a third of the population), a corresponding ministry has been established, and three youth centres are being built in different municipalities. The Head of Kabardino-Balkaria also spoke in detail about support for the participants in the special military operation and their families. The President emphasised that everything mattered here, but the children of the participants in the special military operation should be given special attention and be cared for as if they were their own children. Vladimir Putin also drew Kazbek Kokov's attention to the fact that there were still not enough places at kindergartens, and the republic as a whole still had much to do to improve the condition of these institutions. He also suggested paying close attention to outpatient clinics. The President noted that these issues needed special attention from the republican and federal authorities and that it was important to join the relevant federal programmes and work more actively with the Government. The President promised to extend support to these efforts. Geography Kabardino-Balkarian Republic Topics Economy and finance Regions Social services Persons Kokov Kazbek Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: October 23, 2023, 13:20 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72574 Text version