Events Celebration of Rostec’s 15th anniversary The President spoke at a gala event marking the 15 th anniversary of the State Corporation for the Promotion of Development, Manufacture and Export of High-Tech Products Rostec. November 25, 2022 23:05 Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Friends, The Rostec State Corporation was established 15 years ago. I am happy to congratulate you and all your colleagues, first of all, workers and foremen, researchers, engineers, designers and test operators, and all personnel of Rostec enterprises, on this important occasion. There are thousands of people – highly qualified, unique specialists, some of them are one of a kind, of very different profiles who give their efforts, energy and talent to contribute to the industrial progress of our country and are directly engaged in resolving crucial state tasks in a number of priority high-tech areas. These include aircraft building, automobile industry, radio electronics, engineering, chemistry, medicine, new materials and, of course, strengthening Russia’s defence capabilities since a significant share of the state defence order goes to Rostec enterprises, our largest corporation in the military-industrial sector. I should stress that this area and the tangible results it achieves must continue to be among the corporation’s unquestionable priorities. It was established for this reason and generally to ensure, consolidate, preserve and thus guarantee the development of our technological, industrial and innovative potential. I remember the days when the corporation was being established and the way it proceeded. I want to underscore today that the decision of forming such an industrial powerhouse, a flagship of the Russian economy, and concentration of financial and managerial resources have fully justified themselves. Yet we must keep moving forward, set new tasks and give proper responses to the most complicated challenges in defence and security, and global technological competition. I am sure you know that the key priority today, our number one task, is to do everything possible to meet the needs of our Armed Forces, and crucially, the units and detachments engaged in the special military operation. Production must be stepped up as well as deliveries of all required products; the state target tasks must be executed precisely, with high quality, and strictly on schedule. We spoke about this repeatedly, including yesterday at a meeting of the Russian Government Coordination Council. Let me reiterate, we will promptly take any decisions to support our enterprises. Meanwhile, we are not doubtful about the people working there. I am absolutely confident of that. Plants in Moscow, St Petersburg, the Urals, Siberia, the Far East and in dozens of our country’s regions are operating at maximum capacity working in several shifts. Incidentally, under the current conditions, this definitely gives an unparalleled boost to the development of high-tech production, not just in the defence industry but also in related civilian sectors. Indeed, the people are working at full tilt following the example of our ancestors and great traditions of our gunmakers who proved with their work that Russian weapons are the weapons of victory. I want to sincerely thank the labour teams for this work, for such dedication, for their patriotic commitment to do everything for the defence of Russia, for enhancing its sovereignty so that our heroes, who are now fighting on the frontlines or are being trained in training camps, get all they need. I ask heads of the enterprises to take additional measures of social support for the personnel and their families. This concerns, among other things, special incentives and bonus payments to the best specialists and workers. The experience we have been getting during the special operation and countering modern Western weapons is very valuable and should be used to raise the quality, reliability and military characteristics of some of our weapons and Russian military goods. In this context, close interaction of Rostec and all respective enterprises, design bureaus, corporations and scientific centres with Defence Ministry specialists is also important. In addition, internal competition should be organised and encouraged – our domestic Russian competition between enterprises. Serial production must be launched of the best kinds of military equipment based on those which are now being used in the hostilities, which work and confirm their specifications. Friends, Since its inception, Rostec was responsible for the design, production and export of high-tech products, both military and non-military. The work in major promising areas which ensure Russia’s technological sovereignty, must not only be continued but also intensified. I obviously expect notable breakthrough results from Rostec in such areas as microelectronics and electronic components, aircraft building, equipment for 5G communication networks, and overall, in selecting, implementing and promoting Russian high-tech solutions in all areas which matter to our economy, determine modern living standards and remove dependency on imports. We have everything in our hands for that: excellent, unique world-class scientific schools, innovative and ambitious groups of researchers and inventors, a powerful industrial base, qualified workers and a talented, strong and well-motivated youth. A hefty part of this huge intellectual and manufacturing potential of the country is concentrated within the Rostec State Corporation management system. I firmly believe your results and new achievement will match the colossal scale of the strategic tasks for the country’s development. I wish you every success and once again my congratulations on the anniversary. I wish you all the best. Thank you very much. Topics Industry National security Science and innovation Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: November 25, 2022, 23:05 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69940 Text version