Events Visit to North River Terminal During his visit to the North River Terminal, Vladimir Putin took part in a ceremony to launch the first regular year-round electric river transport service. June 20, 2023 17:20 Moscow Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin Sobyanin Sergei Moscow Mayor reported to the President, among other things, on the work done on the ecological rehabilitation of the Moskva River, on the programme for the comprehensive improvement of the capital’s embankments and beach areas, as well as on the renovation of the North River Terminal and a large-scale reconstruction of the South River Terminal. Nikolai Pozhidayev, head of Sitronics company, talked about the new electric boats to be used on the river route; the boats were built at the company’s yards. After that, Vladimir Putin took part, via videoconference, in a ceremony to launch this new mode of public transport – electric riverboats, which will begin regular passenger service on the Moskva River starting June 20. The first route, which is over 6.5 km long, connects Kievsky Railway Station and the pier on Shelepikhinskaya embankment, a district in Moscow where active construction and development projects are underway. The riverboat service will have a capacity of 15,000–16,000 passengers per day. Eight electric riverboats named after rivers of Moscow (Sinichka, Setun, Presnya, Filka, Skhodnya, Ramenka, Yauza, and Neglinka) will be cruising the waterways. The President boarded one of them – the Skhodnya – and inspected the equipment in a passenger compartment. In addition, Vladimir Putin toured The Moskva River: The Moscow Golden Ring exhibition at the Moscow Transport Museum at the North River Terminal. The exhibition is dedicated to the history of the terminal, the evolution of Russian shipbuilding, and the development of river routes. The North River Terminal is located on the bank of Khimki Reservoir in Moscow. Its comprehensive renovation ran from August 2018 through September 2020. A large-scale project to reconstruct the South River Terminal, located on the left bank of the Nagatinskaya Poima, was launched in 2021 and completed in April 2023. These river terminals will revive the popularity of the Moscow Golden Ring route, which starts at the North River Terminal, continues through Rybinsk, Yaroslavl, Kostroma, Nizhny Novgorod, Ryazan and Kolomna, and ends at the South River Terminal. See also Meeting on development of river navigation June 20, 2023 Geography Moscow Topics Regions Transport Persons Sobyanin Sergei Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: June 20, 2023, 17:20 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71466 Text version