Events Meeting with Government members The President held a meeting with Government members via videoconference. May 31, 2023 16:10 The Kremlin, Moscow The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Mishustin Mikhail Prime Minister of the Russian Federation , Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Anton Vaino Vaino Anton Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , First Deputy Prime Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei First Deputy Prime Minister , First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Sergei Kirienko, Deputy Prime Minister and Chief of Staff of the Government Executive Office Dmitry Grigorenko Grigorenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff , Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov Manturov Denis Deputy Prime Minister – Industry and Trade Minister , Deputy Prime Minister and Presidential Plenipotentiary Representative in the Far Eastern Federal District Yury Trutnev Trutnev Yury Deputy Prime Minister – Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District , Deputy Prime Ministers Viktoria Abramchenko Abramchenko Viktoria Deputy Prime Minister , Tatyana Golikova Golikova Tatyana Deputy Prime Minister , Alexander Novak Novak Alexander Deputy Prime Minister and Dmitry Oreshkin, Presidential Aide Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Aide to the President and Minister of Economic Development Maxim Reshetnikov Reshetnikov Maxim Minister of Economic Development . The following officials were also invited to the meeting: Minister of Culture Olga Lyubimova Lyubimova Olga Minister of Culture , Minister of Healthcare Mikhail Murashko Murashko Mikhail Minister of Healthcare , Minister of Transport Vitaly Savelyev Savelyev Vitaly Minister of Transport , Sakhalin Region Governor and Chairman of the State Council Commission on Investment Valery Limarenko Limarenko Valery Governor of Sakhalin Region , Chelyabinsk Region Governor and Chairman of the State Council Commission on the Economy and Finances Alexei Teksler Teksler Alexei Governor of the Chelyabinsk Region , Deputy Finance Minister Alexei Sazanov, Head of the Executive Committee of the Russian Popular Front Mikhail Kuznetsov and Chairman of the Delovaya Rossiya National Public Organisation Alexei Repik. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, colleagues, Today, our agenda includes investment policy in the regions and implementation of the roadmaps on improving the business climate. Mr Belousov will give a report on this. But first I would like to ask Ms Golikova a question. Ms Golikova, in 2025, we will celebrate the centenary of Artek. Obviously, there is still time, but the summer season is starting. How is Artek preparing for this season? Deputy Prime Minister Tatyana Golikova : Good afternoon, Mr President, colleagues. Mr President, in accordance with your Executive Order on the celebrations of the centenary of the Artek International Children’s Centre, the Government established an organising committee which is drafting a plan for major events. We were drafting this plan, considering that today, Artek is a unique international children’s centre. I would like to say a few words about it. Artek has grown, both in terms of content and infrastructure, since it was established nearly a century ago; the children's centre annually serves more than 40,000 children, compared with 320 in 1925. Talented children are recruited from Russia as well as foreign countries. No other country in the world has an international children's centre like Artek. I would like to talk about two priorities in the centre’s development. The first one naturally has to do with education. Modern Artek is an educational centre where unique methods are used to promote child development and education. These methods are based on the principles of traditional Russian education and adjusted to take into account the challenges and tasks facing the country today. It is also a federal-level platform for the training of qualified personnel. Artek studies and replicates the best practices of teacher training and retraining, and offers internships in education, health improvement and recreation for children. I would like to say that in 2019, Artek reopened the oldest school for teachers, which was established as far back as 1965, where dozens of teachers from our country were trained. In 2021, Artek opened a proprietary professional growth program for director’s advisors on child development, where advisers are trained before starting work at school, where they learn advanced methods. On July 20, 2022, Artek hosted the first constituent assembly of the Russian Movement of Children and Youth. This year, under your instructions, Artek opened a branch in Sevastopol in the Tauric Chersonesos History and Archaeology Park Park Geun-hye . The second priority of Artek's development that we strongly support is definitely infrastructure. In 2014, when Artek was returned to our country, it could not house a large number of children due to substandard infrastructure. Thanks to the programme for the development of the centre adopted on your instructions in 2015, a major project was launched to build and renovate the centre’s facilities and amenities. I mentioned that Artek serves more than 40,000 children a year. But 2019, the pre-pandemic year, was a record year when Artek had more than 43,000 children. Our colleagues from other countries sent children, and children from 86 countries participated in sessions at Artek. The most pressing infrastructure development issues have been successfully dealt with in Artek since 2015 as part of the programme I mentioned earlier, including the construction, renovation and overhaul of over 288,000 sq m of premises with 96,500 sq m of housing, as well as 23 kilometres of roads and 19 kilometres of utilities. In 2015–2020, we invested 36 billion rubles in Artek’s facilities and resources. Large-scale construction and renovation of the facilities and resources are included in the second phase of the programme, which will last until 2025. The opening of a new children's camp, Solnechny, is under special supervision, since it will provide accommodation to 10,000 more children. (Tatyana Golikova went on to describe the construction of Camp Solnechny, which consists of 11 major capital construction projects.) The action plan contains anniversary and festive cultural, educational and organisational events with mass participation. All of them are designed to make Artek a more popular destination. With the international level of Artek in mind, we are planning to hold international competitions and exhibitions with the participation of children from other countries, children of Russian descent living abroad, as well as Artek guests from other countries who visited Artek in the past, including at the foreign-based Rossotrudnichestvo offices. Of course, the international children's festival in Artek will come as the biggest event in the history of the camp. Celebrations of Artek’s anniversary will include more than just cultural events. We are aware that the programme will end in 2025, but this does not mean that we will stop making infrastructural improvements. Of course, we are thinking about extending this programme to 2030 and adopting its next, third phase, which will largely mean rounding out the work at Artek, thus making it, pardon my slang, the coolest international camp. Thank you, Mr President. We will keep tabs on this project every step of the way. Vladimir Putin : Good. Speaking of improving the health of children, we have conducted check-ups of over 300,000 children in Novorossiya and Donbass. How did it go, and what needs to be done now that we have the results? Tatyana Golikova : Mr President, you know that we are seriously working to modernise the healthcare system in all four new regions of the Russian Federation. The relevant law was adopted and entered in force on March 1. With your permission, I will report on the stages of the work we have done and, considering your attention to children’s medical examinations, I will sum up these results. First, we focused on standards and regulations. We are working on all of them with our colleagues. The transition period for all areas will last until 2026. I will recall that, under the law, medical care for residents of the new regions until the end of this year will be funded from their budgets with respective federal budget support. Starting January 1, 2024, medical assistance will be funded under the Russian Federation’s current programme of state guarantees. This means that until December 31, 2023, all residents of the new regions must have compulsory medical insurance policies. This will allow them to fully enter the system of compulsory medical insurance from January 1, 2024. (Tatyana Golikova described the difficulties of issuing compulsory medical insurance policies due to the ongoing hostilities in these areas. She also spoke about the measures planned for her recent trip to the Kherson and Zaporozhye regions. Ms Golikova also talked about medical staffing, remote education for medical students with an opportunity for practical work in neighbouring Russian regions, restoration, major repairs and construction of new medical facilities, assistance for medical institutions on the territory of other Russian regions and the incorporation of the new regions into the programme for modernising primary healthcare). A hundred mobile medical units, including 50 that were used for children’s preventive medical exams, were delivered to the regions in 2022 and 2023 for organising medical, sanitary and emergency medical care. In the same period, 87 medical facilities were restored under a special infrastructure project. Another 98 facilities are supposed to be completed before the end of the year. The further development plan provides for equipping oncological dispensaries and vascular departments – four of each this year. Later, we will continue this work. Mr President, at the same time I would like to say that the programme for upgrading primary medical care proved to be much in demand in the new regions. In some places, this was due to wear and tear whereas others did not have any primary healthcare at all because Ukraine’s preventive medical care system had been almost completely destroyed. Now, with regard to what we have accomplished since 2022 in terms of making medical care arrangements. As you may be aware, we were heavily involved in organising the work of travelling medical teams: 79,000 patients received medical help, more than 22,000 surgeries were performed, two multidisciplinary field hospitals were deployed, and 470 patients were sent to other regions to receive high-tech medical help. Medical examinations for over 337,000 children have been conducted by over 450 specialist doctors. Based on the exam results, 30.5 percent of the children were signed up for follow-up care, a little over 3 percent of the children were encouraged to go to the hospital for more tests and treatment, 2.1 percent received planned surgical treatment, and 117 children were committed to hospitals in federal centres and major regional medical institutions. We keep doing this. In 2022, medicines worth 7.5 billion rubles were sent to the new regions, and medicines are now available for patients in over 2,000 pharmacies. A phased-in provision of patients with cardiovascular diseases with medicines will start this year and more than 90-percent coverage will have been attained by 2025. Starting this year, patients with rare and orphan diseases will have the cost of expensive medicines covered from the federal budget. Also, 15 children affected by such illnesses are already provided with the necessary medicines thanks to the Circle of Kindness Foundation. Without a doubt, patients with socially significant diseases will be fully supplied with the medications. <…> Finally, there is one other thing that I would like to discuss. We continue to work on including the new regions of the Russian Federation in a single digital public healthcare loop. This year, we plan to purchase 5,000 workstations in order to provide telemedicine consultations, among other things. Taking advantage of today's meeting, I would like to sincerely thank our colleagues from the new regions, the doctors and nurses who went to oversee the work in the new regions, for their selfless work in providing medical care to people in the new regions amid challenging circumstances. Thank you, Mr President. Vladimir Putin : Yes, thank you. As for the follow-up care, it went in a well-organised manner and is quite effective, so, I think we need to take the extra step and conduct medical screening for the adult population. Please submit proposals for that. Tatyana Golikova : By all means, we will submit proposals to you, Mr President, and do what we need to do. Our colleagues already asked about this when we visited them. I think the demand will be high in all four regions. Thank you. Vladimir Putin : Good. Thank you. Ms Lyubimova, I asked you to pay special attention to children’s art schools in the regions of the Russian Federation. I know this effort has been going on for almost two years now. What are the results? Minister of Culture Olga Lyubimova : Mr President. Another academic year is over, and now it’s time for graduation and entry exams. So, today I would like to report on the development of the art school network. Every year, over 250,000 children graduate from children’s art schools. We are seeing growing interest in children’s art school education. Under the Culture national project, we have already equipped 1,173 children’s art schools with musical instruments, equipment and study materials. New teams are also being established. Thus, a new ensemble has appeared at the children’s art school in Yakutia’s Verkhnekolymsky district with the delivery of traditional indigenous instruments. There are many examples like this. Since 2020, we have been conducting major repairs and restoration of buildings for children’s art schools following your instructions. We have already upgraded 630 buildings. The network of children’s art schools in our country has been expanded with institutions in the new regions. About 30,000 talented children study in 147 art schools in the Donetsk and Lugansk people’s republics and the Zaporozhye and Kherson regions. We are tailoring art school programmes in the new regions to the federal requirements. Teachers and directors are upgrading their qualifications at the country’s leading art universities. In 2023, we are planning to provide equipment for 51 art schools in the new regions. Today, I would also like to report on guest performances by already established companies under the national tour and concert plan. Vladimir Putin : Go ahead, please. Olga Lyubimova : In 2022, there were 1,900 theatre shows and concerts in 89 regions. Performances and concerts by famous artists were held not only in all 16 Russian cities with a population of 1 million or more, but also in small towns and rural communities with populations under 1,000. In 2023, there will be shows for over 800,000 audience members. This international programme creates unparalleled opportunities for maintaining creative and professional ties with Russia in today’s circumstances. Almost all Russian language theatres from near abroad said they were ready to be part of a single tour plan. This year, theatres in Abkhazia and South Ossetia, as well as our colleagues from Kazakhstan, Belarus, Uzbekistan, and Armenia will come to us, and the Bolshoi Theatre of Belarus has opened its international large tour season 2023. In our opinion, the inclusion of teams from the four new regions in the federal tour system was the most important part of the process for integrating the new regions into the country’s single cultural space. In February-May 2023, about 100 shows took place as part of the tour of five Donetsk performance groups that visited 50 Russian cities. Now, a tour of the Lugansk Russian Drama Theatre is on, the shows of which will be enjoyed by spectators in Krasnodar, Maikop, Stavropol, Elista and Rostov-on-Don. Tours of the State Dance Ensemble Vainakh from the Chechen Republic were held this year for the first time in cities in the Kherson and Zaporozhye regions. The children's programme remains an extremely popular part of the tour plan. Young Russian theatre goers enjoy the performances of youth theatres and puppet theatres. On May 20, jointly with the Sergei Obraztsov Moscow Puppet Theatre, the Lugansk Puppet Theatre hosted a premiere of a show based on Russian folk tales. The Obraztsov Theatre made puppets and theatre props for this premiere, which they donated to their Lugansk colleagues after the show. I cannot fail to note the circus tour that started in the Lugansk People's Republic with the participation of leading performers from the Russian State Circus Company. Mr President, we see how warmly the residents of the regions welcome our famous performers and the effect produced by the single tour system that has been revived in our country. Given the high demand for this work, it will, of course, continue. Thank you. Vladimir Putin : Excellent. Thank you. To be continued. Topics Economy and finance Social services Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: May 31, 2023, 16:10 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71259 Text version