Events Meeting with Government members Vladimir Putin held a videoconference meeting with Government members. October 25, 2023 18:35 The Kremlin, Moscow The discussion focused on the preparations for the winter season. Reports were presented by Minister of Construction, Housing and Utilities Irek Fayzullin Fayzullin Irek Minister of Construction, Housing and Utilities of the Russian Federation , Energy Minister Nikolai Shulginov Shulginov Nikolai Energy Minister , Minister for the Development of the Russian Far East and Arctic Alexei Chekunkov Chekunkov Alexei Minister for the Development of the Russian Far East and Arctic and Gazprom CEO Alexei Miller Miller Alexei Gazprom CEO . A number of current issues were considered at the beginning. The meeting was attended by First Deputy Prime Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei First Deputy Prime Minister , First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Sergei Kiriyenko Kiriyenko Sergei First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff Dmitry Grigorenko Grigorenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff , Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov Manturov Denis Deputy Prime Minister – Industry and Trade Minister , Deputy Prime Minister – Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District Yury Trutnev Trutnev Yury Deputy Prime Minister – Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District , deputy prime ministers Viktoria Abramchenko Abramchenko Viktoria Deputy Prime Minister , Tatyana Golikova Golikova Tatyana Deputy Prime Minister , Alexander Novak Novak Alexander Deputy Prime Minister , Marat Khusnullin Khusnullin Marat Deputy Prime Minister and Dmitry Chernyshenko Chernyshenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister , Presidential Aide Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Aide to the President and Finance Minister Anton Siluanov Siluanov Anton Finance Minister . Also invited to the meeting were Agriculture Minister Dmitry Patrushev Patrushev Dmitry Minister of Agriculture , Transport Minister Vitaly Savelyev Savelyev Vitaly Minister of Transport , Minister of Construction, Housing and Utilities Irek Fayzullin, Minister for the Development of the Russian Far East and Arctic Alexei Chekunkov, Energy Minister Nikolai Shulginov, Governor of the Moscow Region Andrei Vorobyov Vorobyov Andrei Governor of Moscow Region , and Acting Head of the Federal Customs Service Ruslan Davydov, and Gazprom CEO Alexei Miller. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Colleagues, good afternoon. Today we will talk about the upcoming autumn-winter peak and preparations for the season. However, let us begin with the Federal Customs Service performance in 2023. Today is the customs officers’ professional holiday, so congratulations and all the best, thank you for your work. Please, Mr Davydov. Acting Head of the Federal Customs Service Ruslan Davydov : Thank you very much. Mr President, colleagues, This year, the Federal Customs Service played an active role in solving the tasks set forth in the Presidential Address to the Federal Assembly, as well as plans and decisions of the Government to support Russia’s economic development under the illegitimate Western sanctions. Particular attention was given to expanding Russian foreign trade and building up new logistics aligned with the East-West and North-South transport corridors. The staffing levels of customs officers at the priority checkpoints have been increased by over 1,000. Five of the busiest border checkpoints on the Russian-Chinese and Russian-Azerbaijani borders now operate around the clock by agreement of the partners. As a result of measures implemented jointly with other supervisory authorities and the Russian Ministry of Transport, throughput capacity at priority border sections has almost doubled. The years-long problem of queues at the busiest checkpoints in the North Caucasus and the Far East has been practically resolved. These are Zabaikalsk, Yarag-Kazmalyar and Verkhny Lars. Mr President, customs officers are actively involved in carrying out the task you have set for the development of the Far East. This year, foreign trade freight turnover in the region has increased by 14.2 percent overall compared to 2022, while road transport increased 2.4 times. Trade with China is growing most actively. In the first nine months of 2023, it increased by US$35 billion, or 27 percent. If we maintain such growth rates, the volume of Russian-Chinese trade may reach US$215–220 billion by the year’s end. Special attention is being paid to ridding the customs-related sector in the Far Eastern Federal District of criminal activity. We are pursuing a comprehensive plan of operational and investigative measures, agreed with the Federal Security Service of Russia, to counteract the illegal export of aquatic and biological resources, smuggling of timber and timber products, as well as evasion of customs duties on imported consumer goods and cars. Given the significant redistribution of staffing levels, the most pressing issue for organising the work of customs agencies in the Far Eastern District is the provision of housing for officials serving at border crossings. These problems are particularly acute in the Primorye and Transbaikal territories, where priority border crossings are located at a considerable distance from big cities. We suggest considering the possibility of solving this problem by allocating additional funding to the Russian Ministry of Construction to arrange for the construction of service housing for customs officers in close proximity to priority checkpoints in the Far Eastern region. Another important task set before the customs service is to support businesses and people, offsetting the effects of the illegitimate Western sanctions. The peak of fiscal support measures, including various benefits, grace periods and deferred payment plans for custom dues, totalling over 1.1 trillion rubles, came last year. This year, so far, total benefits and exemptions provided have exceeded 400 billion rubles. The measures taken helped ensure the priority import of socially significant goods and those of critical importance for the economy, and the procedure has been simplified for bringing in goods which are subject to technical control. This year, parallel imports grew at a rate of about 7 percent a month. The custom agencies are doing their best to meet the needs of the Russian Armed Forces and defence industry enterprises. Goods brought in for purposes of the special military operation are cleared without delay. The simplified procedure was used to clear over 7,500 tonnes of such goods. Since the beginning of this year, confiscated goods worth over 300 million rubles have been transferred to the Defence Ministry. Also, goods worth about 100 million rubles and 44 cars have been passed to the Russian Popular Front public movement, as well as to social, healthcare and educational institutions. We have organised work in the new regions of the Russian Federation. Customs offices have been established in the Donetsk and Lugansk people’s republics, while the Zaporozhye and Kherson customs offices were set up as divisions of Crimean customs. Customs officers were hired and they have undergone training and have already started to perform the tasks assigned to them. Let me express my sincere gratitude to the Russian Ministry of Construction for their energetic efforts to restore customs infrastructure facilities in the new regions. In the interests of national security, the custom agencies will use 24 mobile inspection complexes. We have partnered with the Russian Federal Security Service to inspect goods and vehicles crossing the administrative borders with the new regions of the Russian Federation, as well as in Crimea, in the area of the Kerch car ferry and in the North Caucasus. Over 39,000 prohibited items, including weapons, ammunition and explosives, have been found. Mr President, The digitisation of the customs service, carried out within the framework of the comprehensive programme for the development of customs agencies in 2018–2020 approved by you, is helping to adapt Russia’s entire foreign trade system to operate under the new conditions. Fully automatic decision-making to clear goods without the involvement of a customs officer is being actively introduced. This year, almost 85 percent of three million goods declarations were registered automatically, and more than 27 percent of such declarations were automatically issued. The issue time is two and a half minutes. Since October 20, just a few days ago, the auto-issuance option has been extended to medium-risk companies. This is the biggest category of foreign trade participants. Almost 102,000 out of 122,000 active foreign trade companies fall in the medium risk category. The key priority in our work is to ensure the security and uninterrupted functioning of customs information systems. Recently, the issues of information security and protection of customs information have become especially acute. More than 1,500 attempts to damage the customs agencies’ information systems have been recorded since the beginning of the special military operation. All attacks have been neutralised, including the largest attempt in April this year to paralyse the work of our information systems and block foreign trade operations. The Federal Customs Service of Russia, together with law enforcement agencies, is taking a set of measures to protect customs information and identify channels for its illegal dissemination. Jointly with the General Prosecutor's Office and Roskomnadzor, 43 internet resources illegally disseminating customs information were blocked by court rulings. This year, 15 criminal cases were filed under part 3 of Article 183 of the Russian Federation Criminal Code. Meanwhile, the record of prosecuting individuals in such criminal cases shows that court-ordered punishments are reduced to fines from 50,000 to 100,000 rubles. Clearly, this is not a deterrent for offenders. This is what we propose to increase the level of customs data protection and counter threats to Russia's economic security. First, to consider, in cooperation with other agencies and organisations (the FCS has information exchange agreements with 98 entities) a shift from routine data transfers from customs databases to supplying specific data on request, provided that there are legitimate grounds to request this information. Second. Increase liability for illicitly obtaining, using or distributing customs data that constitutes a commercial or tax secret under Article 183 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation, making these acts punishable by incarceration. Mr President, Over the past few years, ensuring a timely and complete transfer of funds to the federal budget has been our unconditional priority, and it remains one. As of today, the Federal Customs Service has collected more than 5.2 trillion rubles in customs duties, with 3.9 trillion of this amount coming from imports. This amount is already 1 percent above the import revenue target for 2023. The total customs duties target for 2023 is 6.464 trillion rubles, and we will definitely achieve it as well. In conclusion, I would like to say a few words about our international cooperation programme. On October 30–31, Moscow will host the International Customs Forum, which will include delegations from the EAEU, the CIS, BRICS countries, Iran, and Latin America. Overall, customs officers from 25 countries will be represented at the forum. Eight international agreements and cooperation protocols are planned to be signed. All of them are aimed at promoting Russia's foreign economic relations, speeding up and simplifying customs procedures, and creating better conditions for cooperation with friendly countries. Mr President, thank you very much for your greetings. Russia’s customs officers are ready to work. We will prove worthy of your trust. This concludes my report. Vladimir Putin : Thank you. Mr Davydov, will customs earnings be higher this year than in 2022? Ruslan Davydov : A little higher. Approximately 200–300 billion more than last year. Vladimir Putin : I see. Mr Siluanov, regarding housing for customs officers in the Far East. Have you discussed these additional expenses? Finance Minister Anton Siluanov : Yes, Mr President. Mr Davydov and I have discussed this issue; indeed, employees have to travel 100 kilometres to their checkpoints. So we agreed that we will find a resource, but that should certainly be accompanied by improved collection of customs duties. Vladimir Putin : They are improving it. Anton Siluanov : We will find the money. To be continued . Topics Economy and finance Energy Housing and utilities Social services Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: October 25, 2023, 18:35 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72592 Text version