Events Ceremony to unveil a monument to Admiral Fyodor Ushakov Vladimir Putin took part in the ceremony to unveil the monument to Admiral Fyodor Ushakov, Russian naval commander, in St Petersburg. July 28, 2024 12:40 St Petersburg The monument was erected on Labour Square, in front of the Peter the Great Central Naval Museum. The unveiling ceremony was timed to coincide with Russian Navy Day. The monument was created by sculptor Vladislav Manachinsky, and architects Anatoly Chernov and Lada Chernova. The statue of the admiral is 3.6 metres high, while the total height of the sculptural composition of about eight metres. The ceremony was also attended by Presidential Aide Vladislav Medinsky Medinsky Vladimir Aide to the President , Defence Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei Defence Minister of the Russian Federation , Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Northwestern Federal District Alexander Gutsan Gutsan Alexander Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Northwestern Federal District , Governor of St Petersburg Alexander Beglov Beglov Alexander Governor of St Petersburg , and Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Navy Alexander Moiseyev. * * * Speech at the ceremony to unveil a monument President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Friends, Today in St Petersburg, on the Day of the Russian Navy, we are unveiling a monument of Admiral Fyodor Ushakov, one of our most outstanding naval commanders and a canonised righteous warrior. His life was closely connected to the city on the Neva. He started serving on Baltic Fleet vessels, taking in its glorious traditions that had been established by Peter the Great himself, and multiplied them in the battles on the Black Sea and the Mediterranean Sea. His heroism and achievements, military leadership and innovation determined further development of the Russian Navy. Admiral Fyodor Ushakov won a vast array of outstanding victories, including in the naval battles of Kerch Strait, Tendra and Cape Kaliakra, making an immense contribution to the development of the port and fortress city of Sevastopol and our southern shipyards, as well as the lands and harbours of entire Novorossiya. A resolute and talented naval commander, a true patriot of Russia, Ushakov never lost a single battle in his entire remarkable career. He put his flagship in the vanguard, inspiring sailors and commanders with his courage and bravery. He could quickly and accurately scan combat conditions and launch a sweeping attack. The admiral defeated outnumbering opponents with honour and triumph, doing his best to defend the Fatherland from external threats. Thanks to his efforts, Russia consolidated its international influence and became stronger as a maritime power. Fyodor Ushakov paid a lot of attention to personnel education and training. To this day, Russian naval officers live by his ordinance and ideals. They serve their Motherland just as faithfully and selflessly, the glorious admiral being their symbol of military valour. I want to thank public organisations, veterans of the Russian Navy and St Petersburg city administration for this initiative. My special acknowledgement goes to the monument’s creator, sculptor Vladislav Manachinsky and his entire team. Our duty is to honour the memory of all heroes of Russia. Fyodor Ushakov, the great naval commander, courageous admiral and patriot, holds a special place among them. Our glorious ancestors inspire us to only move forward, overcoming any challenges and difficulties and winning in the name of Russia. Let it be so. Thank you. Geography Saint Petersburg Topics Culture Regions Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 28, 2024, 12:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74652 Text version