Events Meeting of the Supreme State Council of the Union State Vladimir Putin and Alexander Lukashenko chaired a meeting of the Supreme State Council of the Union State of Russia and Belarus at the Constantin Palace. January 29, 2024 17:40 St Petersburg The agenda included a review of the progress on the Guidelines for Implementing the Provisions of the Treaty Establishing the Union State in 2021–2023. Following the meeting, a number of decisions were adopted and relevant documents were signed. The following decrees of the Supreme State Council of the Union State were signed: On the Progress on the Guidelines for Implementing the Provisions of the Treaty Establishing the Union State for 2021–2023 and Union programmes; On the Guidelines for Implementing the Provisions of the Treaty Establishing the Union State for 2024–2026; On Certain Issues of Implementing a Common Industrial Policy and the Rules to Confirm the Manufacture of Industrial Products on the Territory of the Union State. A resolution On Implementing A Programme for Coordinated Foreign Policy Action by the States – Parties to the Treaty Establishing the Union State for 2022–2023 and A Programme for Coordinated Foreign Policy Action by the States – Parties to the Treaty Establishing the Union State for 2024–2026 was also signed. See also All news about the trip to Northwestern Federal District January 26 − 29, 2024 In addition, resolutions were adopted on the Strategy of Scientific and Technological Development of the Union State until 2035, on creating a Union State Media Company, organising and holding events to celebrate the 80 th anniversary of the liberation of Belarus from the Nazi invaders, as well as resolutions on upgrading and developing the Union State’s railway infrastructure, on settling the Union State’s property issues, and on establishing a Union State Prize for young scientists. Following the meeting, the discussion continued over a working lunch. * * * President of the Republic of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko Lukashenko Alexander President of Belarus : President Putin, friends, members of the Supreme State Council, meeting participants, I extend my heartfelt thanks to all our Russian colleagues and the President of Russia personally for the traditional hospitality and the warm welcome in St Petersburg. Perhaps you know that we have been working intensely for two days, you can say for 48 hours, and we have eased into the third day, while doing a lot of good. You have also seen this. The meeting of the Supreme State Council is the final event of these days. We already have a tradition: Mr Putin, please begin as the host of this good event. Please. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Thank you. Friends, colleagues, To President Lukashenko and all our Belarusian colleagues, once again, welcome. As always, heads of governments, parliaments and key agencies have gathered for the meeting of the Supreme State Council of the Union State of Russia and Belarus. Together, we have to approve several important decisions aimed at further deepening the two countries’ integration in the socioeconomic and humanitarian spheres. As you know, the President of Belarus and I have managed to work closely these days, as he just said. We took part in the ceremony to unveil a memorial for USSR civilians who were victims of the Nazi genocide during the Great Patriotic War and attended a gala event dedicated to the 80 th anniversary of the complete lifting of the siege of Leningrad. I would like to thank President Lukashenko and all our colleagues who took part in this. I would like to thank you for agreeing to change the order of our todays’ interactions and work, precisely due to these events, which I think are significant for us and for you, above all, of course, the 80 th anniversary of the breaking the siege of Leningrad, and moving our joint work today to St Petersburg. In July, we will mark the 80 th anniversary of the liberation of Belarus from the Nazi occupiers, and in May 2025, the 80 th anniversary of Victory in the Great Patriotic War. These are among the most important memorial dates, significant for our two brotherly nations, which are closely connected by shared history and spiritual values and family ties. And it is on this solid foundation that the true alliance and strategic partnership between Russia and Belarus is based, within the framework of which we have been working together to build the Union State for almost 25 years. Along this path, we have managed to achieve a great deal. Thanks to the successful implementation of 28 sectoral Union programmes, Russian and Belarusian legislation was harmonised, the legal and organisational foundations for a common economic space formed, and conditions created for the implementation of a unified macroeconomic and monetary policy, and for joint work to minimise damage from illegal Western restrictions. Mutual trade is growing steadily every year. Results for 11 months of last year show that Russian-Belarusian trade increased by almost 9.5 percent and came close to a record US$43 billion. Russia has invested over US$4 billion in the Belarusian economy. About 2,400 Russian companies operate in the republic. The construction of a Belarusian nuclear power plant was completed in 2023 with Russia’s direct participation. This, of course, is very serious progress. Not only that a station has been built, but, as we always say, an industry is being created. And in this sense, Belarus, of course, has become a nuclear power; this is a serious step forward in the development of the economy and scientific sphere, as well as in technology. I will also mention that a Belarusian cosmonaut is being trained for a flight to the Russian segment of the International Space Station. This event is scheduled for this spring. It is noteworthy that the draft Guidelines for Implementing the Provisions of the Treaty Establishing the Union State in 2024–2026 submitted to the Supreme State Council is aimed at further advancing the comprehensive interaction between the two countries, including in industry, agriculture, energy, transport, logistics, and information. In addition, a new strategy for scientific and technological development of the Union State for the period until 2035 has been submitted for approval. It contains specific steps to strengthen overall technological sovereignty, including the launch of large joint projects for import substitution and the creation of competitive products with high added value. Importantly, Russia and Belarus are closely cooperating in the world arena, invariably rendering truly allied assistance to each other in conditions of unprecedented external pressure. Our countries have identical or largely close positions on current global and regional issues. No doubt, the programme for the Union State’s coordinated foreign policy actions until 2026, prepared for this meeting, will continue and encourage even closer Russia-Belarus coordination in international affairs. We will work together to create a truly multipolar, democratic and fair global architecture and ensure equal and indivisible security. I would like to emphasise that many other key issues pertaining to the activities of the Union State of Russia and Belarus have also been submitted for our consideration and approval. In other words, the current meeting is essential and its agenda is substantive and extensive. This is graphic evidence of the firm intention of our two countries to continue doing everything necessary for the deepening of mutually beneficial and equitable integration. In conclusion, I would like to welcome again our Russian and Belarusian colleagues that have gathered in this hall and wish successful work to all of us. I am pleased to pass the reins now to President Alexander Lukashenko, the Chairman of the Supreme State Council of the Union State. Alexander Lukashenko : Thank you, Mr President. We have really worked hard during these two days. This is not a joke. I can say without exaggeration that we covered issues from the South Pole to the North Pole. We discussed issues in the Antarctic where more comfortable working conditions have been created for the Russians there with the construction of a new wintering complex. Most important, nobody is dividing anything there. Belarusians are working along with Russians – our station is nearby, 20 kilometres. Its Belarusian specialists receive all kinds of assistance – in both science and everyday life. Furthermore, the President of Russia and I went from south to north. Of course, we analysed the events that are taking place in the world. Look at how we are striving – Russia and Belarus and the People’s Republic of China. Russia is in the vanguard of all this because it is carrying the brunt of the burden and is suffering more than anyone else. The reasons for all this are the Houthis, the Middle East, and the South China Sea with Taiwan. All these problems are occurring because a multipolar world is emerging. As the Foreign Minister of Russia said – the monopolist does not want this to happen. This is why they are trying to preserve the unipolar world by different methods and have started resorting to armed conflicts. We discussed economic issues and work on the Asian continent, especially in Africa, where we have been invited. President Putin is aware of it, as we coordinated my visits to Africa, I talked to the presidents. They are really waiting for us there, primarily, for the Russian Federation with its enormous opportunities, understanding that the times are difficult, but nevertheless Africa, knowing how it was during the Soviet era, is waiting for Russia. The Northern Sea Route. We would really like the programme to be implemented as soon as possible, because it would be easier for us to work. As you can see, there is an entire range of issues, from south to north. As the President said, our meeting is taking place ahead of important domestic political events. For the first time in history, a single voting day will take place in Belarus on February 25. Following the example of Russia, we have also constitutionally mandated a single voting day, and on this day deputies of the parliament and local councils will be elected – we still have regional, district and rural councils, as was the case in the Soviet era. And on March 17, the presidential election will be held in Russia. Quite a challenging period, but, as you can see, it is proceeding calmly and I am sure that we will calmly approach these dates and hold these events just as calmly. In 2023, we set a new historical record for trade in goods and services. President Putin named a figure for the ten months – over US$40 billion, but if we take the whole year, it will be approximately US$54 billion. This is really a historical high. We managed to achieve good results largely due to the implementation of 28 Union programmes, as part of which fundamental decisions were made. Of course, we have to develop general criteria for assessing the effectiveness of their implementation. The highlights of today's meeting are reports by our governments on the progress on the Guidelines for Implementing the Provisions of the Treaty on the Establishment of the Union State for 2021–2023. Today we will also approve a new programme document, if the Supreme State Council members agree, for the next three-year period: 2024, 2025, 2026. This period involves continuing work to strengthen the common economic space and remove remaining trade barriers. It is important to strengthen the international positioning of our Union, as we are trying to do with the Eurasian Economic Union. The main task in the industrial sphere is to step up cooperation in import substitution. We have done a lot in this sphere and understood a lot, which we did not understand just two years ago: we were not brought to our knees. On the contrary, we mobilised our resources and, I say, did a lot. Basic intergovernmental agreements were signed on the recognition of technological operations, on the development of microelectronic technologies, design of electronic components production, electronic engineering, and on a unified industrial policy. Yesterday, President Putin and I, just in the middle of the day, very carefully analysed these issues using the example of microelectronics. I am certain that the draft prepared for signing will ensure mutual recognition of technological operations. I believe that the governments should adopt measures for its unconditional implementation without exceptions or deviations as soon as possible. It is also necessary to do whatever it takes to eliminate everything that hinders mutual supply of goods, ensure equal operating conditions for enterprises, eliminate barriers in the field of government procurement, and remove restrictions on the transit of goods. These topics are not new, but we still have a lot of rough edges in this regard. I would like to note specifically that we have not yet fully decided on the most important issues, such as the creation of common markets for gas, oil, and petroleum products. When we can make these decisions calmly, they will be beneficial for both Russia and Belarus. We regularly discuss these fundamentally important topics with President Putin, and agreements have been reached. I think that the governments need to implement these agreements more actively, including on the logistics of transporting Belarusian export goods via Russian ports. There is a proposal to increase the capacity of the Oktyabrskaya Railway in the direction of the ports in St Petersburg. It is clear that millions, even tens of millions of tonnes of Belarusian cargo have been redirected from the ports in the Baltic states to St Petersburg, Murmansk, and the Black Sea ports, but the system is strained. This why three months ago, when the President and I discussed this problem, we decided that operations on the Oktyabrskaya Railway in the direction of St Petersburg must be increased. At the first stage it will require a little money and a little work to restore the junctions. There were these junctions, but you know what happened in the St Petersburg direction when Ukraine withdrew from cargo transit. Therefore, we still need to restore the flow of cargo in this direction, both for Russia and for Belarus. We have important issues on today’s agenda – the creation of a Union media holding; resolving the issue of common property, and approval of a strategy for the Union State’s scientific and technological development until 2035, to name a few. The President has spoken about this. I am sure that everyone understands the importance of a coordinated information policy. There is a powerful information confrontation going on. Many people call it a war but luckily, we are not close to war even in the media but the confrontation is serious. I think we can create a good media holding if we take into account our trials and errors of the past – Russian specialists have particularly good experience in this respect. People should know what is taking place in Belarus and Russia. We are not quite happy with what is taking place now in this area. As it should be. This year, we will observe a number of commemorative dates, primarily, the 80 th anniversary of the liberation of Belarus, and 25 years since the signing of the Treaty on our main project – we have been building our Union State this whole time. These are powerful ideological motivators and we cannot fail to use them to promote our values and protect the truth about our common history. The President spoke about this in detail at a number of recent events. We expect new fresh ideas, and, most important, breakthrough economic projects and specific proposals on developing cooperation from the 11 th Forum of the Regions of Belarus and Russia that will take place in Vitebsk in June. Ms Matviyenko and Ms Kochanova, you are in charge of this and I believe these practical events will be successful as always. Friends, I will repeat – it is possible to talk at length about the results of our meetings and our work but I think the media have already said much on this issue. We must move on to our agenda. It contains 15 items today. You, members of the Supreme State Council have this agenda in your hands. It is not classified for our specialists here, either. It has been drafted with due account of the urgency of issues for our bilateral and integration interaction. <…> Geography Belarus Topics Foreign policy Persons Lukashenko Alexander Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: January 29, 2024, 17:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73341 Text version