Events Ceremony for presenting state decorations The President presented the highest state decorations of the Russian Federation at the St. Catherine Hall in the Kremlin. May 30, 2024 17:30 The Kremlin, Moscow Over thirty citizens of Russia, including military officers, cosmonauts, representatives of public organisations, statesmen, public figures, popular actors, cultural and art figures, athletes, journalists, mothers of many children, healthcare workers, and industrial workers have been awarded orders, badges of honour, and honorific titles. *** President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, friends, Let me welcome you to the traditional Kremlin ceremony in honour of outstanding citizens of Russia. Present here are people whose achievements have become an important contribution to our country’s development and brought glory to Fatherland. I am sincerely happy to have this opportunity to congratulate and thank all of you for your work. Today, we are passing through serious trials; we are defending the truth, justice, and sovereignty of Russia, as well our people’s right to decide their fate on their own. At the forefront of this struggle are those performing their military, professional, and civic duty in the zone of the special military operation, those who are fighting on the battlefield, working at hospitals, and reviving life on our historical territories. The Stars of Hero of Russia are being handed to military officers participating in the special military operation. The entire nation is supporting you. You are the true support and armour of Russia. You are emulating the worthy examples, courage and sense of brotherhood distinguishing the generation of winners. A soldier of the Great Patriotic War is here among us. The title of Hero of Russia is awarded to Ibrahim-pasha Sadykov. As a young man, he volunteered for the front and fought till the end of the war. Our dear veteran is a true Caucasian centenarian, who has done much to perpetuate the memory of the feat of valour committed by the Soviet people. Loyalty to the Motherland and active concern for its interests and prospects always open up new horizons. Achievements of the Russian space programme become a real breakthrough for humankind. Flight Engineer Anna Kikina has been awarded the title of Hero of Russia. During her first space expedition, she displayed an ability to accomplish any tasks, no matter how difficult. Her colleagues from the cosmonaut squad, affiliated with the Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Centre, also have every right to become Heroes of Russia; they successfully accomplished long-duration space missions. Devotion to the Homeland, work for the benefit of society and citizens determined the essence of life of Federation Council Speaker Valentina Matviyenko for many years. Her experience, knowledge and organisational talent evoke tremendous respect. She has been awarded the title of Hero of Labour in recognition of her merits. Famous painter Alexander Shilov has received the same high-ranking title. His works are an inalienable part of the national artistic heritage, and they embody the modern era in the faces and portraits of our compatriots. The preservation of all things that we hold dear, the preservation of the people of Russia stems from the family, from giving birth to children, raising and educating them and preserving the best family traditions and principles. Olga Verpakovskaya, a mother with many children from the Tver Region, has received the high-ranking title of Mother Heroine. She and her husband are raising 14 children, and this noble parental work deserves acclaim and admiration. Our country should have as many large families as possible. Ceremonies to present state decorations always involve many celebrities. Their work in the sphere of culture, arts, sport and, of course, their brilliant talent have won the love and respect of the people. I am happy to welcome Valery Gergiev, Vladimir Mashkov, Vyacheslav Fetisov, State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin, Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin and Stanislav Mikhailov here. Representatives of the manufacturing and agro-industrial sectors, those who create national wealth are present in this hall as well. The Motherland’s awards serve to recognise your professionalism and long-time and conscientious work. Dear friends, All of you are involved in creating modern history. Your energy, enthusiasm and loyalty to Russia help realise the boldest and most ambitious projects, and they consolidate and inspire society. I sincerely congratulate you on your well-deserved state decorations. ( Ceremony to present state decorations ) Vladimir Putin : Friends, I would like to say a few concluding words. In their acceptance speeches today, most awardees recognised the groups – military units, artistic companies or corporate teams – that have helped them become who they are and achieve success. But of course, the biggest team that deserves the most recognition and gratitude is the Russian nation, the great multiethnic community we are all part of. No award can be given to the entire nation. But it is the Russian people’s heroism, unity and devotion to the Motherland and its interests that is the key to all our victories – those achieved by the country and by each of us. As one of the speakers said here today, we will continue to work and achieve results, we will go on forward and, as Alexander Nevsky instructed us, everyone will fight where he or she stands. Congratulations again. Topics State decorations Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: May 30, 2024, 17:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74178 Text version