Events Greetings on Diplomatic Worker’s Day Vladimir Putin congratulated current staff and veterans of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on their professional holiday, Diplomatic Worker’s Day. February 10, 2024 09:00 The message reads, in part: “The Russian Foreign Ministry rightfully takes pride in its rich history and glorious traditions. Throughout history, its employees have honourably protected the interests of the Motherland in the international arena despite any difficulties and challenges. In the current geopolitical landscape, amidst a hybrid war unleashed against us and attempts by the collective West to isolate Russia and undermine its security, the Foreign Ministry faces difficult and responsible tasks. Russian diplomacy aims to make a significant contribution to creating favourable external conditions for our country’s dynamic development, fostering effective cooperation with foreign partners, and promoting a positive agenda in international relations. It also seeks to strengthen the unity of the global majority – of countries in Asia, the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America – in order to build a just multipolar world order based on true equality, mutual respect, and universally recognised norms of international law. Efforts to enhance cooperation with CIS countries, expand the integration process within the EAEU, and strengthen ties within the CSTO and the Union State remain a top priority. Special attention should be given to the proper implementation of tasks and responsibilities during Russia’s chairmanship of the CIS and of the expanded BRICS association. Undoubtedly, there is significant need for efforts aimed at uniting the multinational and multi-religious Russian community through supporting our compatriots abroad, promoting the Russian language and showcasing national cultural and scientific achievements, as well as countering attempts to falsify history and revise the outcomes of World War II. I am confident that staff members at the Ministry’s head office and foreign missions will continue to work with utmost dedication, creativity, and initiative.” The President wished the Foreign Ministry employees further professional achievements, and good health and longevity to the veterans of the Russian diplomatic service. Topics Civil service Foreign policy Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: February 10, 2024, 09:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73415 Text version