Events Meeting with participants of the Fourth Young Scientists Congress Vladimir Putin had a meeting with participants of the Fourth Young Scientists Congress, the principal annual event of the Decade of Science and Technology in Russia (2022–2031). December 2, 2024 20:00 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region The Fourth Congress of Young Scientists took place at the Sirius Federal Territory on November 27 through 29, attracting over seven thousand participants from 62 nations. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, friends, It is a genuine pleasure to be here with you. Despite the challenges posed by distance and time, we have succeeded in bringing both of them together to meet. I am looking forward to hearing your reflections on how the fourth congress unfolded – this being the fourth edition, is it not? This morning, I discussed the matter with Ms Yelena Shmeleva, who shared insights with me. I gather that, overall, the congress was executed with commendable organisation and substance. This brings me great satisfaction. As many as 7,000 attendees from 62 countries. There were many more applications than this. Last year, 5,000 participants represented over 30 countries – around 36, if I recall correctly. Now, we welcome individuals from 62 countries, spanning all continents, including Europe, Latin America, and Africa. This forum is exceedingly representative. It underscores once more that science, much like education and the arts, serves to unite people of diverse nationalities, perspectives, and faiths, laying the groundwork for collective advancement and the progress of humanity. It is science that fosters the conditions for progress. I am aware that you have explored a plethora of topics across a multitude of domains. In the coming days, we will engage with the Government to deliberate our aims and the strategies for realising these aspirations, particularly concerning our development objectives. Primarily, our focus will be on high-tech development. We intend to address matters pertaining to the training of personnel, especially engineering professionals, as it is virtually inconceivable to accomplish any task without individuals who are both trained and motivated for such endeavours. You are undoubtedly aware that, within the next three years, we must train approximately one million individuals in engineering. By 2030, this number should expand to nearly two million – 1.8 million, to be precise. Work in this domain is ongoing, and I am confident you touched upon this during discussions at Sirius. We have established 50 advanced engineering schools within leading Russian educational institutions. By 2030, there should be a minimum of one hundred such engineering schools. We will continue to advance in this direction. As in prior years, when we have engaged with participants of the Young Scientists Congress, I propose that we converse freely here in Moscow about all issues that intrigue you, particularly those deliberated at Sirius. There may be matters you deem necessary to bring to my attention. I understand funding is likely a concern, as Ms Shmeleva mentioned earlier today. Let us address all these matters. Naturally, we must and will pursue our goal of allocating 2 percent of GDP to science. By 2030, or possibly sooner, we will attain this funding level. The floor is yours. Please, go ahead. <…> Topics Science and innovation Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: December 2, 2024, 20:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75737 Text version