Events Meeting with Prime Minister of Armenia Nikol Pashinyan Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister of Armenia Nikol Pashinyan had a meeting on the sidelines of the CIS Summit. October 8, 2024 13:45 The Kremlin, Moscow The Russian side was represented by Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, Deputy Prime Minister and Co-chair of the Intergovernmental Commission for Economic Cooperation between the Russian Federation and the Republic of Armenia Alexei Overchuk, Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office and Presidential Press Secretary Dmitry Peskov, and Presidential Aide Yury Ushakov. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr Pashinyan, colleagues, friends. We are delighted to welcome everyone to Moscow and to hold a bilateral meeting as part of the CIS countries leaders’ meeting. Mr Prime Minister and I have just had a face-to-face discussion on current issues, and this expanded format provides us with the opportunity to address all fundamental matters of mutual interest. Certainly, it makes sense to begin with economic matters. Our trade and economic relations are progressing robustly and effectively. Trade between our countries totalled $7.4 billion last year, and in the first six months of this year, it grew 2.5 times, exceeding $8.3 billion. If we continue at this rate, this year's trade could reach $14–16 billion, marking an all-time high. Russia is the largest foreign investor in the Armenian economy, with approximately $4 billion in total investment. The efforts of both the intergovernmental commission and the business council are producing positive outcomes. Additionally, humanitarian and cultural cooperation plays a significant role. We will delve into this topic shortly. The Prime Minister believes it is essential to address some of the missed opportunities in educational collaboration. After that, we will invite our colleagues to contribute to the discussion in greater detail. Once again, welcome. Prime Minister of Armenia Nikol Pashinyan Pashinyan Nikol Prime Minister of the Republic of Armenia : Thank you, Mr Putin. I am very pleased to state that we have had quite an active political dialogue in recent months. Deputy Prime Minister Overchuk came to visit us in Yerevan. Not only did the intergovernmental commission on economic cooperation meet, but we also had a substantive discussion on virtually all issues on our agenda. In early October, the EAEU Intergovernmental Council convened in Yerevan. During this meeting, we engaged in a meaningful discussion of our cooperation and the agenda of both the Republic of Armenia and the Russian Federation with Prime Minister of the Russian Federation Mikhail Mishustin. Today provides an excellent opportunity to reflect on those discussions, and I am truly pleased to have this chance. Thank you very much. Vladimir Putin : Thank you, Mr Pashinyan, and we will be expecting you at the BRICS Summit in Kazan. Nikol Pashinyan : Thank you. Vladimir Putin : I hope this will be both beneficial and engaging, with numerous opportunities for contacts. We will conduct a bilateral meeting, allowing us to engage with many colleagues from several dozen countries who plan to participate in this work. <…> Geography Armenia Topics CIS Foreign policy Persons Pashinyan Nikol Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: October 8, 2024, 13:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75286 Text version