Events Informal meeting with Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi Vladimir Putin held an informal meeting with Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi at the presidential residence in Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region. July 8, 2024 19:45 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region The Prime Minister of India is in Russia on a two-day official visit. The leaders will discuss the development of traditionally friendly Russian-Indian relations and current issues on the international and regional agendas. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr Prime Minister, dear friend, good afternoon. I am delighted to see you. We will hold official talks tomorrow, and today we can discuss the issues on our agenda unofficially, in a quiet and comfortable atmosphere. This is the official residence where I live. On that side, there are the premises where I work with my colleagues.And on this side, there are accommodation premises and the block where I live. We visited it today. But first I would like to congratulate you on being re-elected as prime minister. I think that there is a good reason for that. It is the result of the many years of your work at the helm of government. You have ideas of your own, you are a very energetic person, you know how to get results to benefit India and its people. And the outcome is obvious: India is the third-largest economy in the world. It is probably the largest country in the world by population, 1.4 billion people. But it is not the main thing. The main thing is that 23 million babies are born in India every year, which is a lot even for a country like India. It is the highest figure in the world. But it is more than just a figure. It shows that people are planning their families and lives, and their planning horizon is expanding. It means that they feel comfortable and stable, which is extremely important. First, I would like to congratulate you on this, and second, I want to say that I am delighted to see you. Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi ( retranslated ) : Visiting a friend in his home is a delight. You have invited me to your home. I would like to thank you for the interesting programme of my visit and for your warm words. I greatly appreciate this. You are right that these elections were very important and huge in scale. India is the largest democracy; it is considered the mother of democracy. About 650 million people took part in that election. It is the first time in 60 years that a government has been elected for a third term in a row. The first time it happened was when India’s first prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, was elected for a third term. I have done the same 60 years later. The people of India have given me a chance to serve my homeland. The people of India who have given this mandate to me… I have worked in government for 10 years, and my principle is reform, perform, transform. So, the Indian people voted for that principle, and I am confident that I will work three times more during my third term. Vladimir Putin: You have devoted your whole life to serving the Indian people, and they are aware of that. Narendra Modi ( retranslated ) : You are right in that my only goal is to serve my country and my people. <…> Geography India Topics Foreign policy Persons Modi Narendra Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 8, 2024, 19:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74511 Text version