Events Meeting with President of Iran Sayyid Ebrahim Raisi Vladimir Putin met with President of the Islamic Republic of Iran Sayyid Ebrahim Raisi on the sidelines of the Caspian summit. June 29, 2022 21:30 Ashgabat Beginning of Russian-Iranian talks President of Russia Vladimir Putin : As a reminder, last year our trade grew by 81 percent and by another 31 percent in the first months of this year. We have truly deep, strategic relations. We are constantly in touch on issues of political cooperation and security and are working in such hot spots as Syria. We certainly have plenty to talk about and I am very glad to have this opportunity. Before we start our conversation, I would like to ask you to send my best wishes to the spiritual leader of Iran, Mr Khamenei. President of the Islamic Republic of Iran Sayyid Ebrahim Raisi Raisi Sayyid Ebrahim President of Iran (retranslated) : Thank you very much, Your Excellency. I am very glad that we have managed to hold this meeting on the sidelines of the Caspian Summit. I am really very pleased about it. After our meeting in Moscow, we agreed on certain things and I must say that what we have agreed on is now being implemented and monitored. This is very good. We exchanged delegations. Our friends and colleagues came to see you in Moscow and high-ranking Russian representatives visited Iran on your instruction and monitored the implementation of the agreements we reached on energy and food. At any rate, the agreements we made are being carried out and this is very good and clear. It shows that both our states seek to develop bilateral trade and economic relations. Nothing has stopped or will stop the progress of our trade and economic ties. We are committed to developing our bilateral contacts. This is a very clear message to our officials that the decision we made in Moscow will be translated into reality. Our experience of cooperation in Syria and other areas indicates that we can take steps that will be useful for our two countries, our nations and the region as a whole. We have a strategic view on the Russian Federation, and I believe we should promote strategic relations in various areas. The Islamic Republic of Iran is absolutely committed to continue building on and implementing all agreements to advance the economy, trade, the aerospace industry, science and technology, and the agreements that both our countries have reached and held corresponding negotiations on. Naturally, one of the areas in which we can cooperate is the Caspian Sea. That includes transport and transit as well as fishing, tourism and many other issues. We can reach agreements on these issues and carry them out. This is exactly what will help us preserve the Caspian Sea and use is rationally. I am very grateful to you for your kindness and your best wishes to the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran. I will certainly pass on your warm words. <…> See also 6th Caspian Summit June 29, 2022 Geography Iran Topics Foreign policy Persons Raisi Sayyid Ebrahim Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: June 29, 2022, 21:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68781 Text version