Events Greetings to the 6th Russian Energy Week International Forum Vladimir Putin sent greetings to participants, organisers and guests of the 6th Russian Energy Week International Forum. October 9, 2023 09:00 Dear friends, I would like to cordially welcome all the participants and guests of this forum. Over the past few years, the forum has rightfully become one of the most prominent international platforms for discussing current issues related to the fuel and energy industry. It is here that top managers of major companies and scientific institutes, as well as politicians and experts from Russia and other countries, evaluate development trends and prospects for the fuel and energy sector, exchange views on the technological challenges the industry faces, and consider problems related to environmental protection and climate change. The theme of this year’s forum is The New Reality of Global Energy: Building the Future. Achievements that shape the future of both Russian and global energy will be presented during the business programme. There will be reports on the immediate and long-term priorities in the oil, gas, coal, and electric power industries. Participants will discuss strengthening Russia’s technological sovereignty and the digital transformation of the domestic fuel and energy sector. As per tradition, forum participants will pay special attention to international energy cooperation. Despite the current geopolitical situation, this area of focus is actively evolving today. Economic growth, scientific and technological progress, and improvements to the quality of life of people around the world directly depend on effectively utilising the potential of this partnership. I am certain that the recommendations developed during the Russian Energy Week and the agreements signed on the sidelines will help to strengthen cooperation in this strategic area and to build a prosperous future for our countries and nations. I wish you all productive and successful work. Topics Energy Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: October 9, 2023, 09:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72459 Text version