Events Video address at Znaniye Society awards ceremony February 26, 2024 18:10 Video address at Znaniye Society awards ceremony. President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Friends, Shortly, within a few minutes, the recipients of the Znaniye award will be announced. This award will be presented to Russian citizens, including young people, as well as guests from other states. I would like to use this opportunity to welcome all participants in the ceremony to award the main prize in education. To be specific, I am addressing scientists, schoolteachers and educators, business representatives, cultural figures, athletes, and volunteers, as well as, of course, war veterans and military personnel who devote themselves to mentorship. I want to thank once again all those who, driven by the call of their hearts, undertake a responsible and noble educational mission, contributing to the revival of the Znaniye Society. The society’s activity is currently organised at a whole new level. In a relatively short period of time, Znaniye has successfully assembled a large team of experts and educators, including distinguished individuals who are true stars in the realms of domestic science, the economy, industry, culture, as well as experts in public administration and influential public opinion leaders. They are generously sharing their expertise, helping young people and the rising generation in their desire to learn new things from renowned professionals. And what is very important, they lead by example, providing inspiration. I am sure that the participants, partners, and reliable friends of the Znaniye Society will continue to make a significant contribution to improving the prestige of educational activity, in this way, strengthening of our state, scientific, technological, and value-based sovereignty. Ultimately, the linchpin for the country’s future and the succession of its development lies in ensuring that young people possess steadfast life principles. It is imperative that they wholeheartedly embrace our traditional values, draw inspiration from the best masterpieces of Russian and global culture and literature, as well as the achievements made in science and education. And of course, they should know the history of their country and the names of genuine heroes and creators. I want to emphasise: history provides us with an understanding of our origins, the pivotal moments our ancestors traversed, contributing to the creation and defence of the greatness of our country. These are paramount and defining elements that form the bedrock of national identity, uniting us as one people. I would like to take this opportunity to thank our counterparts, like-minded people from friendly states. Your educational projects play a crucial role in enhancing mutual understanding and fostering respect for diverse cultures and traditions, thus contributing to the reinforcement of trust between peoples. In conclusion, I would like to extend my greetings once again to the entire educational community and the winners of the award of the Russian Znaniye Society. I hope that you will continue to move forward and set new ambitious tasks. Thank you and all the best. Topics Professional training Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: February 26, 2024, 18:10 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73568 Text version