Events Meeting with Head of the Republic of Adygea Murat Kumpilov Vladimir Putin held a working meeting with Head of the Republic of Adygea Murat Kumpilov, via videoconference. Murat Kumpilov updated the President on the socioeconomic development of the republic over the past five years. May 27, 2022 11:30 The Kremlin, Moscow According to Murat Kumpilov Kumpilov Murat Head of the Republic of Adygeya , the GRP has grown by 116 percent; the industrial production index was 125 percent. For the past five years, internal income has grown by 50 percent. In 2022, the growth rate is 126 percent. The region’s dependence on subsidies has dropped to 15 percent. The republic’s debt load is low: the state debt has dropped by 22 percent and is 21 percent of the region’s internal income. The volume of investment was 173 billion rubles. Murat Kumpilov also told the President about housing construction, the development of agriculture and the construction of social facilities. In the past five years, five schools, 18 kindergartens, four hospitals, four outpatient clinics, 30 first-aid stations, four houses of culture and 14 fitness centres have been built in the republic. Many social facilities have been renovated and undergone a major overhaul; a lot of infrastructure has been built. In previous years, Mr Kumpilov said, much had been accomplished in Adygea, but even more activities and objectives lie ahead as part of state programmes, national projects and investment projects. Murat Kumpilov said that he was ready to continue the work and expressed hope that the President, and, of course, the republic’s residents, will support him. Vladimir Putin noted that there were many positive and sustainable trends in the republic, such as the growth of GRP, industrial production, and other indices. At the same time, the President pointed out that the volume of investment has somewhat dropped. Murat Kumpilov explained that in 2020, a major project on wind power was implemented, including the construction of 60 wind turbines with a total capacity of 150 MW. This year, there are plans to implement 25 investment projects worth 77 billion rubles. These include such major projects as the development of the Lago-Naki resort and an industrial park. Therefore, the republic is expecting a boost in investment and the creation of new jobs. Vladimir Putin also emphasised that there is another important area of development, namely, the labour market. This is important for the country in general, and especially for the Caucasus. The President mentioned that he had reviewed Mr Kumpilov’s appeals related to healthcare and the allocation of additional funds from the reserve fund. Overall, the President said, the situation is stable and is on the rise, and he promised he would submit relevant instructions to the Government of the Russian Federation. Vladimir Putin thanked Mr Kumpilov for his work and wished him success. Geography Republic of Adygeya Topics Economy and finance Regions Social services Persons Kumpilov Murat Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: May 27, 2022, 11:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68490 Text version