Events Greetings to Arctic and Antarctic Days in Moscow International Forum Vladimir Putin sent greetings to participants, organisers and guests of the Arctic and Antarctic Days in Moscow International Forum. November 10, 2022 11:00 The message reads, in part: “Russia invariably devotes priority attention to the coordinated and comprehensive development of Arctic territories and to expanding the presence of Russian science in Antarctica. Our goal is to strengthen international cooperation in these regions of the planet and to implement joint programmes in the most diverse spheres. I am satisfied to note that a new and outstanding page in the history of developing the Arctic opened this year. In September, members of the North Pole-41 scientific expedition started working aboard a self-propelled ice-resistant platform. This high-tech project is focused on monitoring the region’s environment all year round, creating the necessary conditions for the demanding and heroic work of polar explorers. Much remains to be done for creating a state permafrost monitoring system. This is extremely important for reducing climate and environmental risks, facilitating the sustainable development of our northern cities and towns and successfully implementing major industrial and infrastructure projects. Of course, large-scale work will also continue in Antarctica. For example, we are quickly building a new Russian wintering complex at the Vostok station. The complex will provide Russian scientists with an excellent opportunity to conduct full-scale research on the White Continent using modern infrastructure. I am confident that the forum, which has brought together representatives of state agencies, public and environmental organisations and the media, will be a success, and that your ideas, proposals and initiatives will certainly be in high demand.” Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: November 10, 2022, 11:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69821 Text version