Events Meeting with permanent members of the Security Council Vladimir Putin held a meeting, via videoconference, with permanent members of the Security Council. October 27, 2023 14:00 The Kremlin, Moscow Taking part in the meeting were Federation Council Speaker Valentina Matviyenko Matviyenko Valentina Chairwoman of the Council of Federation , State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin Volodin Vyacheslav State Duma Speaker , Deputy Chairman of the Security Council Dmitry Medvedev Medvedev Dmitry Deputy Chairman of the Security Council of the Russian Federation , Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev Patrushev Nikolai Secretary of the Russian Federation Security Council , Interior Minister Vladimir Kolokoltsev Kolokoltsev Vladimir Interior Minister , Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu Shoigu Sergei Defence Minister , Director of the Federal Security Service Alexander Bortnikov Bortnikov Alexander Director of the Federal Security Service , Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergei Naryshkin Naryshkin Sergei Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service , Special Presidential Representative for Environmental Protection, Ecology and Transport Sergei Ivanov Ivanov Sergei Special Presidential Representative for Environmental Protection, Ecology and Transport , and Director of the Federal Service of National Guard Troops and Commander of the National Guard Troops Viktor Zolotov Zolotov Viktor Director of the Federal Service of National Guard Troops and Commander of the National Guard Troops . * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Colleagues, good afternoon. Today we will discuss the circulation of arms in the Russian Federation. This issue has always been important – I will not go into details – but especially today, considering the conditions the country is living in. We need to think about how weapons and ammunition come to the Russian Federation illegally, including, by the way, from the territory of Ukraine; not to our troops, but to Russian territory. We have to look at these channels, at how agency control measures are organised, and what must be done to additionally strengthen the legislative base. In fact, we have an entire complex of issues here. We will hear reports from two speakers today: Mr Zolotov and Mr Kolokoltsev. I would like to ask our colleagues to make detailed reports, and everyone else to join the discussion of the draft decision produced at our meeting today. Go ahead, please. <…> See also Security Council News Topics National security Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts , Security Council Publication date: October 27, 2023, 14:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72610 Text version