Events Meeting with Bolshaya Peremena contest finalists Vladimir Putin held a meeting, via videoconference, with pupils in grades 5–7 who are participating in the Bolshaya Peremena national contest. They gathered at the Artek International Children’s Centre to take part in the finals of the contest. July 20, 2022 12:45 The Kremlin, Moscow The Bolshaya Peremena national contest is the largest project for children and teenagers in the country. Its goal is to identify pupils who are actively engaged in public and social life, and who demonstrate innovative thinking and creative abilities. In 2022, almost three million schoolchildren of different ages and over 700,000 college students are taking part in different thematic sections of the contest. The finals of the Bolshaya Peremena track for schoolchildren in grades 5–7 and the international track of the contest are taking place at Artek on July 17–20. The contest will name 300 winners among schoolchildren in grades 5–7. They will go for an educational journey on the Bolshaya Peremena train from St Petersburg to Vladivostok and back with stops in large Russian cities. There will be 100 winners among the foreign participants of the contest. They will have the opportunity to receive free education at the best Russian universities. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Good afternoon, friends. I am glad to welcome everyone. Hello to all of you. You have gathered at Artek, which has already become a true home for the participants of the Bolshaya Peremena national contest and is now hosting schoolchildren from all regions of our country – finalists from grades 5–7. Schoolchildren from the Lugansk and Donetsk people’s republics and 34 foreign countries have joined this impressive event for the first time (Applause) . Yes, we should welcome them as well. I would also like to greet separately those who came from abroad, from foreign countries. All of you are great; you are focused on learning new things and new skills. You are not afraid to test yourself or your abilities in open competition, you are active volunteers, you help the elderly and everyone who needs your attention, and you participate in education projects which means that you value friendship and mutual assistance and know that as a team, by joining efforts, you can always do more. And it is great that Bolshaya Peremena gives you many opportunities to find and explore your strengths, to make new friends, to become acquainted with a variety of occupations, professions and areas of activity. With your mentors’ support, you will be able to choose the path in life that is right for you. Picking your path is the most important thing at this junction in your lives. Almost 4 million people took part in the competition this year. The Bolshaya Peremena community, where the desire to evolve and to move forward, which matters more than grades, is growing in scale every year. Today, it brings together schoolchildren and young people, and also educators, teachers, and often parents, almost always parents. I would like to take this opportunity to say a heartfelt thank you to your mentors and to congratulate the winners of the Bolshaya Peremena contest. I know that you are about to set out on an exciting journey across Russia from St Petersburg to Vladivostok. It is very important to see and know your homeland, to see everything with your own eyes, to understand and to respect our culture and history, as well as the traditions of the peoples of Russia. This sense of being part of the country’s destiny is something that you can lean on in life. This has always helped and will always help our compatriots to achieve impressive results in various fields. I am sure that all of you who share Bolshaya Peremena ’s values will have many great and unique victories in store. Again, Bolshaya Peremena is much more than a contest. I am sure you have discussed this many times. I am aware that representatives of leading youth organisations, both federal and regional, such as the Russian Schoolchildren’s Movement and Yunarmiya , to name a few, have come to Artek. At the founding meeting, you announced the creation of the Russian Children and Youth Movement. This is a wonderful decision, and I congratulate you on this important milestone. To reiterate, this new movement has become possible thanks to your initiative. It is based on your ideas and proposals and is a modern and exciting space that is open to the public and helps every young person find self-fulfillment. You are its co-creators, and it is up to you what it will look like. The adults in our society and the state will support you, because creating the necessary environment for the comprehensive development of young people in our country is an absolute priority. As you are aware, this priority has been enshrined in our country’s Constitution. I have no doubt that you will be able to implement your ideas and dreams. Most importantly, you should believe in yourself and your abilities. In anything you do and in any profession, set bold and ambitious goals, in a good way, and move forward to those peaks step by step. Without exaggeration, our country’s future depends on you. Friends, I wish you success, great achievements and good luck in your endeavours. <…> Topics Children School Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 20, 2022, 12:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69038 Text version