Events Meeting with President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro The President of Russia held a meeting with President of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro Moros on the sidelines of the BRICS Summit in Kazan. October 23, 2024 17:15 Kazan Attending the meeting on the Russian side were Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov Lavrov Sergei Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation , deputy prime ministers Alexander Novak Novak Alexander Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation and Alexei Overchuk Overchuk Alexei Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation , Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office – Presidential Press Secretary Dmitry Peskov Peskov Dmitry Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office, Presidential Press Secretary , Presidential Aide Yury Ushakov Ushakov Yury Aide to the President , Minister of Economic Development Maxim Reshetnikov Reshetnikov Maxim Minister of Economic Development of the Russian Federation , Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov Siluanov Anton Minister of Finance of the Russian Federation , Minister of Energy Sergei Tsivilev Tsivilev Sergei Minister of Energy of the Russian Federation , Director of the Federal Service for Military Technical Cooperation Dmitry Shugayev, Head of the Federal Service for the Oversight of Consumer Protection and Welfare Anna Popova Popova Anna Head of the Federal Service for the Oversight of Consumer Protection and Welfare (Rospotrebnadzor) , and President and Chairman of the Management Board of Rosneft Igor Sechin Sechin Igor Rosneft CEO, Chairman of the Management Board . * * * Beginning of Russian-Venezuelan talks President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr President, friends, I am delighted to see you in Russia again. See also Second day of 16th BRICS Summit October 23, 2024 I remember well our previous meeting in Moscow in 2019. I am glad that you were able to come to Kazan and personally participate in the BRICS Summit. I know that our Venezuelan friends hold values and principles that are similar or overlapping with those BRICS is guided by: respect for each other’s legitimate interests and sovereignty, the sovereign choice of nations, mutually beneficial and honest equitable cooperation, and so on. We support your decision to participate in BRICS activities. Venezuela is one of Russia’s longstanding and reliable partners both in Latin America and in the world. The strategic partnership between our countries is still evolving, and our mutually beneficial cooperation is progressing in all areas. Bilateral trade is growing too, we have numerous projects in the works in energy, pharmaceutical industry, transportation, civilian space activities, and high tech. It is good to have this kind of package of projects for cooperation, but it will be even better if they make progress. Some of them are underway, which is good news. It is also important to establish ties in the financial and banking spheres based on settlements in national currencies. Direct flights have been established between our countries. This facilitates the growth of tourism and encourages cultural, humanitarian, research and educational exchanges. Russia and Venezuela coordinate their steps at the UN and other international platforms. Together, Russia and Venezuela are striving to create a new, more just world order based on the rule of law and zero tolerance for neo-colonialism, interference in the internal affairs of other states, political and financial pressure, and unilateral coercive measures. We appreciate that Venezuela shares our stance on the current international situation and consistently supports us in the face of the hybrid war and the Russophobia campaign being waged against our country. Today we will discuss all the key bilateral and international issues. We know how you are defending the interests of your people, Venezuela’s interests in your country, consistently and uncompromisingly. We are definitely on your side and strongly support your efforts in this area. Thank you. President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro Maduro Nicolas President of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela (retranslated) : Thank you very much for the invitation to attend this historic BRICS Summit. Venezuela follows the path of BRICS, and we are committed to achieving balance in the world, a commitment that traces back to the times of Bolivar. We uphold the legacy of Comandante Hugo Chavez, who endeavoured to create a multipolar, multi-centred world. We are implementing the BRICS principles because they align with our conviction: the Global South can only exist if it possesses the right to a future, the right to freedom, and the right to justice. It is only in the 21st century – the century of change, the century of the birth of new geopolitics – that such emerging powers as China, Russia, and India can develop relations based on cooperation and respect with the peoples of the Global South and the Global East. We are all brother nations. I congratulate you on the success of this historic summit; it serves as an important message of hope for the entire world. Russia and Venezuela have established ties that cannot be broken – political ties, moral ties, relationships that have withstood the test of time over all these years. We have traversed the desert. Indeed, I believe we have traversed several deserts. Yesterday, upon landing here in Kazan, I remarked: we have arrived, we are standing on our feet, we are intact, and we have achieved victory – the people of Venezuela have achieved victories, and we are monitoring the struggle that Russia is waging against Nazism and fascism. We also admire the victories you have secured for the Russian people on all fronts of the global struggle – be it economic, scientific, cultural, military, political, or diplomatic. Consequently, we take pride in the fact that you are our friends, that Russia is a friend of Venezuela, and we are prepared to continue advancing together. There will be a meeting of the Russian-Venezuelan Intergovernmental Commission on November 7. We have an extensive agenda and are making progress in numerous areas. Venezuela has managed to restore its economy through its own efforts. We have very positive economic growth indicators and have successfully defeated inflation. We have investments, and we are prepared to continue welcoming Russian investments in our country, with the aim of further developing our trade, strengthening relations across various sectors of our economy, and enhancing our political relations with the great Russia. I congratulate you once again on the success. Our entire delegation stands ready to continue making progress in all areas of cooperation. Thank you very much, Mr President. <…> Geography Republic of Tatarstan Venezuela Topics BRICS Foreign policy Persons Maduro Nicolas Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: October 23, 2024, 17:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75377 Text version