Events Meeting with Rosseti CEO Andrei Ryumin Vladimir Putin met with Andrei Ryumin, Chairman of the Management Board and Director General of the national grid company Rosseti . The company director informed the president about the company’s performance in 2021, the completion of the autumn and winter period, and preparations for the upcoming peak load season, as well as measures taken to ensure the sustainable development of the power grid. July 12, 2022 14:10 The Kremlin, Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr Ryumin, Rosseti is one of the largest Russian companies, and not just Russian, but also one of the largest global power grid companies. And, of course, it is without a doubt a backbone company for Russia. How is the company doing today? Over 88 percent of the shares belong to the state. It has always been in the state’s focus, and there have been major challenges as well. What is it like today? Rosseti CEO Andrei Ryumin: Thank you very much, Mr President. Today the company provides reliable power supply in 78 regions of the Russian Federation. If we are talking about the market share that Rosseti serves, then 77 percent of all electricity generated in Russia is transmitted through our grids. We have 17 subsidiary power grid companies, which, as you have already said, are backbone companies in almost all regions and provide reliable power supply, as well as connect new applicants to the grids and to the power infrastructure. Let me briefly report to you on the 2021 performance, as well as the completion of the autumn and winter season of 2021–2022. And a few words about the preparations for the upcoming autumn and winter season, which are underway now. Vladimir Putin: Please. Andrei Ryumin: In 2021, electricity supply amounted to 860 billion kilowatt-hours, which is 56 billion, or seven percent higher than the 2020 figure. With this growth, we managed to reduce the loss rate slightly: the loss rate in 2021 was 8.58 percent. Our revenue also increased along with the increase in supply: it amounted to 1.1 trillion rubles, which is 100 billion rubles more than in 2020. Of course, our key goal is to ensure a problem-free autumn and winter period. Almost 10,000 teams with about 50,000 employees, 24,000 vehicles and special equipment were involved in the 2021–2022 autumn-winter activities. Speaking of the group’s companies, the emergency reserve amounted to 19 billion rubles in monetary terms, and we increase it every year. Also, 6,500 backup power sources with a total capacity of 520 MW were on standby during the autumn and winter period. This preparatory work made it possible to minimise the impact of particularly severe weather outbreaks, which are the main cause of sweeping power outages during the autumn and winter period. Speaking of the regions, the North Caucasus saw a large number of mass blackouts, with the Republic of Dagestan accounting for about 20 percent of all power outages in Russia. In recent years, we have seen an increase in wide-scale power outages in the Pskov Region, the Tver Region, the Arkhangelsk Region, the Republic of Karelia and the Novgorod Region. I would like to say that, in conjunction with the regions, we have developed priority action programmes to improve reliability in line with the instructions that you gave following the meeting on the autumn and winter period that you convened in late December. These programmes have been coordinated with the Ministry of Energy, and we hope to coordinate them with other federal executive bodies soon and get to work. Since we are discussing this year’s programme for preparations and repairs, this year we increased funding for the repair programme, which will amount to over 78 billion rubles. This work is in full swing. We are on our way to exceed the target, same as we did last year, and we will be fully ready by the start of the heating season. I would like to discuss separately the results of the 2021 investment programme, which is at its all-time high with 325 billion rubles. Speaking of major projects, the Kola-Karelia transit was the largest project implemented by the Rosseti national grid company over the past eight years or so. The project is designed to transfer the Murmansk Region’s pent-up capacities, which comprise the power generated by NPPs, wind power and hydropower, to St Petersburg and the Leningrad Region. Several projects from the first phase of the Eastern Operating Domain were implemented last year as well. Mining companies in the Tyumen Region, the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Area, the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Area and the Republic of Yakutia have been hooked up as well. We have also hooked up port facilities in the Far Eastern Federal District. To be continued. Topics Energy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 12, 2022, 14:10 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68861 Text version