Events Address on the occasion of Rescue Worker’s Day December 27, 2023 00:00 Address on the occasion of Rescue Worker’s Day. Russian President Vladimir Putin : Comrade officers, Dear veterans, Congratulations on your professional holiday – Rescuer Worker’s Day. We are rightfully proud of the servicemen, employees and civilian specialists working at the Ministry of Civil Defence, Emergencies and Natural Disaster Relief. You come to the aid of those who are in trouble. Despite the risks and danger, you mitigate the consequences of natural and man-made emergencies and always, in the most difficult conditions, act competently as a team, without losing a minute. The history of your service is full of examples of heroism and courage, and I have no doubt that on this festive day you will remember them, pay tribute to your legendary predecessors, who more than once emerged from difficult trials with honour. And today Russian rescuers prove with their deeds and achievements the high status and authority of the agency. This year you worked quickly to mitigate the consequences of floods and wildfires in the Volga region and in Siberia, in the Far East and the South of Russia. In the shortest time possible, you evacuated our citizens from dangerous areas, including from the conflict zone in the Middle East. As before, many humanitarian operations have been carried out to deliver food, medicines, and basic necessities to the affected people. And not only in our country, but also in other parts of the world, because human grief has no nationality. I want to thank you for your professionalism and selflessness in carrying out the tasks you were set. Friends, The role of the Emergencies Ministry in ensuring comprehensive security of Russia and our citizens is growing from year to year, and it is important to maintain all the positive trends achieved by the service in recent times, to respond even more effectively to emergencies of any level. One of the key goals is to improve the work of EMERCOM units in the new constituent entities of the Russian Federation. I want to especially thank the firefighters, rescuers, and EOD specialists who in difficult conditions are doing a lot to ensure the safety of the people of the Donetsk and Lugansk people's republics, and the Zaporozhye and Kherson regions. We must continue to resolve all the issues arising there without delay. Among the priorities of your work is the development of the civil defence system, which includes equipping EMERCOM with modern technology and equipment and introducing digital technologies. And of course, your constant attention should be focused on the prevention and extinguishing of forest fires, ensuring the safety of schools, universities, hospitals, other social institutions, as well as places of mass public attendance. I am confident that you will continue to effectively fulfil your tasks, demonstrating high professionalism, total readiness, and dedication. Once again, I congratulate the veterans and current staff of the Ministry on your professional holiday. And of course, I wish you a Happy New Year as we approach 2024. I wish you and your families good health and new successes. Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: December 27, 2023, 00:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73185 Text version