Events Meeting with President of the Republic of Tajikistan Emomali Rahmon Vladimir Putin had a meeting at the Kremlin with President of the Republic of Tajikistan Emomali Rahmon, who had attended celebrations marking the 79 th anniversary of Victory in the Great Patriotic War. May 9, 2024 13:50 President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr Rahmon, Thank you so much for coming here to attend Victory Day celebrations. This day matters to all of us as we have discussed many times, including both yesterday and today, as well as during our meetings and other contacts. Thank you for your words of condolences, since you were among the first to come forward in response to the Moscow terror attack. Our special services have been hard at work in their effort to eliminate the common threats we face, since terrorism poses a threat to all countries, including both Russia and Tajikistan. We have established effective contacts along this track and our colleagues have been working closely to address these challenges. You and I have been there for them to support these efforts and will keep acting along the same lines moving forward. As for other elements, primarily economic matters, I would like to note that Russia remains Tajikistan’s main trade and economic partner, which is a source of satisfaction for us. We are the number one trading partner for your country, and there has been growing momentum in terms of developing our relations, which of course is rejoicing. Today, we have an opportunity to discuss our joint efforts in all their aspects. Once again, I would like to say that we are delighted to see you here. Welcome! President of Tajikistan Emomali Rahmon Rahmon Emomali President of Tajikistan : Mr Putin, thank you very much for the invitation, for your hospitality and for a wonderful welcome. First, I would like to congratulate you on Victory Day. It is our common victory, as you have correctly said. I said in my address to the people yesterday that 50 percent of the able-bodied population of Tajikistan, or over 300,000 people, fought in that war. As for our bilateral relations, they are growing progressively in trade, the economy, and the cultural sphere. Regarding the fight against terrorism and extremism, you have been aware of our position for more than 30 years. As I have said more than once at the UN that we stand against double standards in the fight against terrorism and extremism. Terrorism has no nationality, religion or homeland, and we must fight against it jointly and everywhere. Our security and law enforcement services have been working and are still working diligently all these years. Regrettably, a great tragedy has happened. The people and the government of Tajikistan [sent their condolences]; I called you personally. We have had a similar experience; we have been fighting against extremism and terrorism for over 30 years, and we know about extremism and terrorism from our own experience. You know where Tajikistan is located, and that it is a global problem. As for some other issues, I believe that our enemies would like to cause trouble between us, using every means and trick available to divide us. But I think that [they will stumble against] our position; you know that Russia is a strategic partner and ally for Tajikistan. Russia’s largest military base outside Russia is located in Tajikistan. We have not changed our position all these years, and we are not planning to do it now. In other words, we must continue to work and fight jointly against global challenges and global threats. Of course, today I would like to discuss some issues with you, especially our migrant workers. It is an especially delicate and large issue for us because of our demography: the population of Tajikistan is growing by 150 percent a year. Tajikistan is one of the former Soviet republics that provided men for the Soviet army’s construction battalions. Tajiks worked at all Komsomol and other major construction projects, and they are involved in such projects now as well. I think that Tajiks are an ancient people with their distinctive history, culture and civilisation. What happened [near Moscow] is completely unacceptable to us. It has delivered a hard blow at our national image, history, culture and traditions. We will continue to work closely with you on such issues. Before boarding a plane today, I unveiled a large memorial to participants in the Great Patriotic War in Victory Park. I did it jointly with a delegation of the State Duma of the Russian Federation. It is a unique monument, and we chose a unique place for it, the best place in Dushanbe, our capital. It is a most suggestive fact. You know about my personal attitude to [Russian] culture and history and the Russian language, as well as to our trust-based personal relations. We want to live in a civilised world. Moscow and Russia have always been and, I think, will remain the centre of the Soviet civilisation in the post-Soviet space. When I attended that official parade today, I saw that it is what we have in common, what we have inherited from the former Soviet Union, the only common national holiday that unites us. Vladimir Putin: Very much so. Emomali Rahmon: Please accept my heartfelt congratulations. Vladimir Putin: Thank you. Emomali Rahmon: I would like to congratulate all Russian people and all people of the former Soviet Union on this unique historical victory. <…> See also Victory Parade on Red Square May 9, 2024 Laying flowers at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier May 9, 2024 Reception in honour of the heads of state invited to attend Victory Day celebrations May 9, 2024 Geography Tajikistan Topics Foreign policy Persons Rahmon Emomali Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: May 9, 2024, 13:50 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74000 Text version