Events Meeting with Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China Li Zhanshu Vladimir Putin met with Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China Li Zhanshu on the sidelines of the Eastern Economic Congress. September 7, 2022 15:30 Russky Island, Primorye Territory President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Comrade Chairman of the Standing Committee, I am glad to see you, and I would like to thank you once again for taking the time to attend the economic forum in Vladivostok. Please convey our best regards and wishes to my good friend, President of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping. This is not your first visit to our country, Russia, and we know you very well. We attach great significance to your visit, which is fresh proof of the special nature of Russia-China relations. I will meet with President Xi Jinping soon, during the events related to the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, which will be held in Samarkand, Uzbekistan. See also Eastern Economic Forum plenary session September 7, 2022 I would like to wish all our Chinese friends and all Chinese comrades a successful 20 th Congress of the Communist Party of China. Our strategic partnership is growing very successfully. Our trade is increasing. Last year, it grew considerably, by 36 percent and has reached US$140 billion. It continues to grow and has gone up another 30 percent in the first six months of this year. By all appearances, our trade will soon reach the target goal of US$200 billion. I know that you have a busy agenda in Russia. Apart from attending the forum here, you will also travel to Moscow, where you will meet with the heads of the two houses of Russia’ Federal Assembly. We set a high value on the development of our interparliamentary ties and on the personal contribution of the heads of houses of our two countries’ parliaments. Once again, thank you for coming. Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China Li Zhanshu (retranslated) : Mr President, Thank you for finding the time to meet with me. First, I want to extend to you the most cordial greetings and the best wishes from your good friend, President of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping. I just learned that you have already sent condolences to him following the earthquake in Sichuan Province. I am grateful to you for this. This shows the deep affection you feel for the Chinese people. Vladimir Putin : People have died. We offer our deep sympathy to you. Li Zhanshu : Some 70 people were killed. I want to avail myself of this opportunity to congratulate you on the successful opening of the 7 th Eastern Economic Forum. You delivered a remarkable speech that is very useful for us. Indeed, as of late, under your and President Xi Jinping’s leadership, the comprehensive strategic partnership and interaction between China and Russia have demonstrated a strong upward development trend. <…> Additional All news about the trip to Primorye Territory September 7, 2022 Geography People's Republic of China Topics Foreign policy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: September 7, 2022, 15:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69305 Text version