Events Vladimir Putin introduced new Emergencies Minister Alexander Kurenkov to members of the Ministry’s Board May 25, 2022 17:20 During his visit to the National Crisis Management Centre Vladimir Putin introduced Alexander Kurenkov, the new Minister of Civil Defence, Emergencies and Disaster Relief to the Ministry’s Board. Earlier, the President signed an executive order appointing Alexander Kurenkov Kurenkov Alexander Minister for Civil Defence, Emergencies and Natural Disaster Relief to head the Emergencies Ministry. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Good afternoon, comrades. Today, I would like to introduce to you Alexander Kurenkov, the new Emergencies Minister. Mr Kurenkov started his career as a rank-and-file employee of state security bodies and later worked in the Federal Guards Service for a long time. His latest job was Deputy Director of the National Guard troops. That is deputy minister level. Now he will take one more step, going further in his career. That said, Mr Kurenkov is not a high flyer. On the contrary, he is a campaigner, he knows the job he takes on inside out. He knows how to get to the bottom of it and, being a man of mature age, how to build relations in a team. I am convinced that he will do this at the top of the Emergencies Ministry and the Ministry in general, relying, of course, on professionals. I have no doubt that under his leadership the ministry will continue developing further in accordance with the decisions adopted in 2021: the new development strategy and the Ministry’s technical re-equipment plan up to 2030. I hope that all these plans will be carried out. The state allocates significant funding for this purpose – 196 billion rubles. The Ministry needs new aviation, automobile, firefighting and special equipment to be able to fully meet the challenges faced by the country at present. The number of problems is not going down these days. I am not talking now just about floods, man-made disasters and wildfires but also about the situation that is taking shape here in connection with the special military operation. The Ministry has to resolve many problems in this respect. I know you have significant demining capacity. The Ministry is also performing humanitarian missions and functions. All of that is very much sought after, and I have no doubt whatsoever that you will do more than just reach the existing goals that have been on the agenda for a long time now, or the new ones, but will do more as you take on modern challenges and expectations of our people. You and I are well aware that you are the last hope for many people when push comes to shove. I present to you your new leader. I believe that this is the way it will be, and the system will continue to evolve and improve. I want to thank Alexander Chupriyan for his work as deputy minister and then acting minister. It is hard to be at the helm of an agency and not have full authority. Mr Chupriyan is also a very experienced professional. He did well while in office. I want to thank you for this again from the bottom of my heart. I hope that the management will show their best qualities and help the new leader to get up to speed. Everyone is interested in this, primarily, our people, because, to reiterate, often your department is the last hope, and it continues to handle this responsibility honourably to this day. Mr Kurenkov, congratulations and I wish you all the best. Alexander Kurenkov: Thank you for putting your faith in me. Vladimir Putin: Actually, this is all I had to say. Sit down please. Mr Chupriyan, colleagues, if you have any work-related questions, let us discuss them while we are at it. If you think it is better to hold this discussion in the regular course of business, then work with the new leader, and let him know everything he needs to know. Mr Kurenkov, we have not seen each other in a while. Get up to speed and then come see me any time you feel the need. Just let me know and come. Any questions? No? I know we have heads of territorial divisions joining us remotely. I would like to address everyone now. Comrades, you have much to do. The system is working efficiently and professionally. I want to thank you for this and express hope that things will remain like that going forward. We are pinning our hopes on you. Thank you all very much. All the best. See also Alexander Kurenkov appointed Minister of Civil Defence, Emergencies and Disaster Relief May 25, 2022 Topics Civil service Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: May 25, 2022, 17:20 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68480 Text version