Events Address on Youth Day June 24, 2023 00:00 Address on Youth Day. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Dear friends, I am delighted to greet you and to wish you a happy Youth Day. It is a holiday filled with hope. At the initiative of our youngest citizens, schoolchildren and students, we will mark it on the last Saturday of June, which will help us make it cheerful and substantial and to celebrate it together with the school graduation ceremonies. Graduation ceremonies are being held across the country now. The Scarlet Sails festival, which has become a symbol of St Petersburg, is probably the best example of their unique atmosphere and romantic appeal. I would like to add that other regions of our vast country have their own favourite and wonderful traditions. I would like to say a few words for school leavers today. You have covered a long and sometimes difficult but very important path together with your parents, teachers and mentors, the path of acquiring knowledge, friends and values, which you will never forget. You are entering a new period of your lives. I would like to wish all of you, the young citizens of Russia – schoolchildren, university and college students, those who are working and making their first steps in their professions – I would like to wish you to find your calling, to succeed and, if something does not work out immediately, never to give up and never to lose heart. You will get support from your friends, your loved ones and, of course, the teams of various projects available throughout the country that are designed to help young people show their talents and skills, and to attain what your have been striving for. I know that the events panned for Youth Day, including lectures, workshops and unique themed meetings and venues, are devoted to development and movement towards good deeds, creative endeavours and your future achievements. It is very important that you hold dear the ideas of unity and joint efforts. We can do much more together. I would also like to remind you that our country is preparing to host the World Festival of Youth and Students next year. Our young generation is truly wonderful. You want to realise your potential in full, to be of benefit to the Fatherland and people, and to act for the common good. It is mostly young privates and officers who have risen fearlessly and steadfastly to the defence of our country’s security and sovereignty, who are fighting courageously in the special military operation. You and your peers know very well that love for your country is inseparably connected with the awareness of one’s responsibility for its present and future. One day, your generation will hold key positions in the economy, business, defence and security, social projects and public administration, and will take decisions that will determine the future of Russia. The world is changing rapidly. Such challenges present us with extremely complicated tasks and force us to do our outmost and to mobilise all our resources. But these changes also offer unique opportunities to you and to the country as a whole. It is Russia’s time. It is your time. Once again, happy Youth Day to all of you. Believe in yourself, do not be afraid to dream, pursue your goals, and you will succeed by all means. Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: June 24, 2023, 00:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71493 Text version