Events Address to school graduates June 28, 2024 09:00 Address to school graduates. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Friends, These days, graduation ceremonies are underway all across Russia, our vast, beautiful and great country. I want to sincerely congratulate graduates, their parents, loved ones and mentors on this wonderful celebration, filled with dreams, hopes and the romance of youth. This is a special and very exciting moment for all of you. It marks the beginning of a new stage in your life, one where you will make all key decisions independently. We express sincere gratitude to our teachers as we bid farewell to school. They have been by your side since your first days at school, caring for you as if you were their family. They have supported you during difficult moments and helped you gain confidence. Your teachers will always admire your inevitable future successes, which you will achieve by using qualities that you undoubtedly possess, such as determination, persistence, a striving to obtain new knowledge and skills, and a desire to excel in your future profession, to benefit people and to serve your homeland. Most importantly, you should realise your true calling in life and find a career that you are truly passionate about. By doing so, you will be able to accomplish even the most challenging goals, inspiring others with your achievements. Our great ancestors serve as an example for you, just as our remarkable contemporaries who have shown excellence in school, work and in overcoming major ordeals. Lastly, remember that family is the main source of support for every person. I am confident that you will carry on the best family traditions and work together to build the future of your dreams. I sincerely wish you every success, outstanding achievements and new victories. Congratulations. I wish you happiness. Topics School Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: June 28, 2024, 09:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74429 Text version