Events New industrial facilities launched in Russian regions The President took part, via videoconference, in the ceremony for launching industrial enterprises in the Leningrad and Belgorod regions and in the Republic of Mordovia. March 5, 2024 18:25 Solnechnodolsk, Stavropol Region PhosAgro Group’s mineral fertilizer plant was launched in the Leningrad Region, which will produce an innovative product – pure water-soluble ammophos. EFKO Group’s plant for deep processing of soybeans and other oil plants was opened in the Belgorod Region. In addition, a GK Talina meat and sausage plant was opened in the Republic of Mordovia. The event was also attended by Agriculture Minister Dmitry Patrushev Patrushev Dmitry Minister of Agriculture , Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the North Caucasus Federal District Yury Chaika Chaika Yury Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the North Caucasus Federal District , governors of the Stavropol Territory, the Leningrad and Belgorod regions, the Republic of Mordovia, and executives of the newly opened companies. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, colleagues. I see three Russian regions on the screen: Mordovia, the Leningrad Region, and the Belgorod Region. New enterprises are being launched today in three regions to produce food, fertiliser, and components for the processing industry. We have done a lot in recent years to ensure that all these areas in the agro-industrial sector are being developed, and these efforts are bringing visible results. Today, our colleagues will tell us what they are doing in their respective areas. Another step forward is being taken. Go ahead. I am pleased to give you the floor. <…> See also All news about the trip to Stavropol Territory March 5, 2024 Geography Republic of Mordovia Stavropol Territory Belgorod Region Leningrad Region Topics Agriculture Industry Regions Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: March 5, 2024, 18:25 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73605 Text version