Events Russia-Laos talks Vladimir Putin held talks at the Kremlin with President of the Lao People’s Democratic Republic Thongloun Sisoulith. May 9, 2024 16:45 The Kremlin, Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr President, dear friends. We are delighted to see you in Moscow, Russia, especially on the occasion of Victory Day, marking the victory by the Soviet people in the Great Patriotic War Background information Great Patriotic War . We are marking an anniversary this year: thirty years ago our countries signed a framework friendship and cooperation treaty. By the way, we would like to express our gratitude to Laos for handing over the T-34 tanks to us. They are symbols of Victory for us. Of course, this is instrumental in terms of being able to show them to the public and raising awareness among young people. Thank you very much. Last year, we witnessed a rise in our trade and economic relations, even if it has been quite modest so far, with a 12 percent increase. Holders of the Mir card can use them in your country, which will definitely help attract more tourists. We have been expanding our defence and security cooperation too. Our two countries have been maintaining scientific and humanitarian ties. We are grateful to you, Mr President, and all your colleagues for supporting Russian language studies. We have been effective and proactive in working together on the international stage, including within the United Nations. Promoting our strategic partnership with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations Background information Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) is a major foreign policy priority for us. ASEAN has substantially expanded the agenda dealing with our joint efforts after Laos assumed its Chairmanship. You have quite an extensive agenda for your visit. Tomorrow, as you have told me, you will be visiting St Petersburg, including your alma mater, the Russian State Teachers’ Training University, where you studied. I am certain that your visit to Russia will yield tangible results, and will be useful, as well as interesting. President of the Lao People’s Democratic Republic Thongloun Sisoulith (retranslated) : Thank you very much, Comrade Vladimir Putin, President of the Russian Federation, for inviting our delegation to attend the celebrations of the 79th anniversary of the Great Victory. The parade was very nice today. I liked attending this parade very much. It is very nice to see such a benevolent atmosphere in relations with many foreign leaders at today’s dinner. Although you have a very busy schedule, you agreed to hold a working meeting with me and my delegation today. The last time we met was in Beijing, where we discussed very many aspects of our bilateral cooperation. Many of the agreements we reached are being implemented very well now. Once again, I would like to congratulate you, personally and on behalf of the people of Laos, on winning the presidential election with the majority of votes, as well as on the successful inauguration ceremony held on May 7. Not only the Russian Federation and the Russian people but also people in the countries that are your friends are proud of this. I would like to again express confidence that our friendly relations will be based on the principles of mutual trust and mutual advantage. I would like to point out the successful government of the Russian Federation and to congratulate you on this successful governance. Despite Western pressure, Russia is gradually progressing. At the same time, you are helping us develop a multipolar world that will be fair, prosperous and peaceful for all countries. This year we will mark the 30th anniversary of the Treaty on Amity between Laos and Russia. I would like to mention the successful implementation of many provisions of that treaty. We have now reached a period favouring the further development of our bilateral relations and friendship. In this connection, I would like to propose that we continue our cooperation and [implement] various proposals in this sphere. <…> See also Victory Parade on Red Square May 9, 2024 Laying flowers at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier May 9, 2024 Reception in honour of the heads of state invited to attend Victory Day celebrations May 9, 2024 Geography Laos Topics Foreign policy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: May 9, 2024, 16:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74003 Text version