Events Meeting with residents of Anadyr Vladimir Putin met with residents of Anadyr as part of his working trip to the Chukotka Autonomous Area. January 10, 2024 13:40 Anadyr President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, friends. We have long been planning to hold this meeting, including the regional leaders and the ministry concerned, and to see on the spot how the Chukotka Autonomous Area is faring. Chukotka is a name familiar to everyone in Russia – not only because it is the country’s easternmost region, but also because the area abounds in minerals and is, in many ways, crucial to ensuring national security and the development of logistics corridors that are extremely important not only for Russia, but for the whole world. I am primarily referring to the Northern Sea Route. In general, there are many issues here that are of great interest to the Russian Federation as a nation. Recently in Arkhangelsk, we discussed the development of the regions in Russia’s Far East and agreed that certain communities in Chukotka are very important in this regard. These include Pevek and Anadyr, where we are now, and some of them are encompassed by a number of development programmes for the Arctic and the Far East. But seeing is believing: many things become clear once you are here. On paper, everything seems to be clear, but when you see things with your own eyes, they look different. For example, you arrive at the airport and then drive to the city – using a seasonal winter road as we did – you begin to understand what it is like and how people live here. Of course, there are a lot of questions. I know that we have people of various backgrounds in this room – heads of large families, small businesses, and various occupations. Please, let's just talk now – I will speak with the governor separately to discuss figures and all aspects of the region’s life, so I would like to have an open and free conversation with you on issues that are of real concern to you. Go ahead, please. To be continued. See also Visiting an all-year-round greenhouse facility in Chukotka January 10, 2024 Geography Chukotka Autonomous Area Topics Regions Persons Kuznetsov Vladislav Trutnev Yury Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: January 10, 2024, 13:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73244 Text version