Events Telephone conversation with President of France Emmanuel Macron Vladimir Putin had a telephone conversation with President of the French Republic Emmanuel Macron at the French side’s initiative. February 20, 2022 17:15 In a follow-up to the talks during President Macron’s recent visit to Moscow and regular telephone conversations, the two leaders had an in-depth discussion of the developments around Ukraine as well as developments regarding long-term legal security guarantees for the Russian Federation. Serious concerns were expressed due to the quickly deteriorating situation along the contact line in Donbass. The President of Russia noted that provocations from Ukrainian militants were the reason for the escalation. Attention was drawn to the modern weapons and ammunition being sent to Ukraine by NATO member countries, which is encouraging Kiev to pursue a military solution to the Donbass problem. As a result, civilians in the Donetsk and Lugansk people’s republics are suffering and being forced to leave for Russia to save themselves from intensifying attacks. It was emphasised once again that Kiev is only imitating a negotiating process and continuous to refuse to implement the Minsk agreements, as well as the agreements reached as part of the Normandy format. Considering the current state of affairs, the two presidents found it expedient to step up the search for a diplomatic solution between the foreign ministers and political advisors to the leaders of the Normandy format countries. These meetings are to help restore the ceasefire and ensure progress in settling the conflict around Donbass. Considering the above factors, Vladimir Putin once again emphasised the need for the US and NATO to take Russia’s demands to ensure its security guarantees as seriously as possible and to respond specifically and to the point. The two leaders agreed to maintain contact at various levels. Geography France Topics Foreign policy Persons Macron Emmanuel Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: February 20, 2022, 17:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/67818 Text version