Events Plenary session of RSPP Congress Vladimir Putin took part in the annual congress of the Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs. March 16, 2023 16:40 Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr Shokhin, colleagues, friends, Thank you for the invitation. I would like to welcome the participants of the congress of the Russian Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs. Mr Shokhin has just said that you have been working for a couple of days here, and all the key members of the Government spoke today. I hope that the dialogue has been rewarding and many things have become clearer and more understandable. And in general, it is good that you have an ongoing dialogue. I would like to thank you, as well as the thousands of companies you represent, for your work and your contribution to the country’s development. The RSPP is a highly respected organisation that brings together major companies that hold leading positions in many sectors of the Russian economy and play a key role in the economy as a whole, in industry, agriculture, finance, transport and other sectors. It is also important that the RSPP remains engaged with the national agenda. The organisation has its own views and proposals to offer – what needs to be done to increase the pace and sustainability of economic growth, how to support the development of Russian regions, enhance their industrial, technological, infrastructure and human resources, and in a broader sense, how to make our country stronger, more successful, and more competitive. This active and creative position taken by the RSPP and the business community as a whole is particularly relevant today. I mean, it has always been relevant, but today it is particularly relevant for obvious reasons, and most especially now that the Russian economy is acquiring a fundamentally new quality and beginning to develop under a new model, something I spoke about recently in my Address to the Federal Assembly. Let me remind you that Russia’s maximum GDP decline was recorded last June; I believe it was 4.7 percent. The reasons for this are well-known: the sanctions war and the unprecedented challenges in the global economy and trade as well as in the system of international relations as a whole, and it was not us, as you know, who was creating these problems. These are challenges that neither Russia nor probably any other country in the world has yet faced in modern history. All of this lies at the base of and is the reason for what I have just said. Since then – starting last July – our economy, nevertheless, has transited to growth. Standing behind these achievements is the hard work of thousands of companies and many millions of specialists, their responsible and professional attitude towards business, their striving for progress, for protection, and for their own country’s development. We see the positive trends in the Russian economy gaining strength; in the second quarter of this year, we expect a significant increase in GDP over last year. What is it that determines the current state of domestic industries and is shaping this new economic trend? First, we have managed to compensate for the actual closing of Western markets to us and to expand Russia’s foreign trade contacts with nations in the world’s fastest growing regions. You know that in previous years – before all these crises and special operations – we were orienting ourselves, step-by-step, towards rapidly developing markets anyway. Today, a different situation has taken shape, where it turns out that we were not doing this in vain. Moreover, we were doing it at an even slower pace than we should have. But this is fine, we continue making strides. Over the past year, our trade with these regions, with these countries has been growing at double-digit rates and it continues to grow. Incidentally, I would like to add for reference that, on the whole, Russia’s 2022 foreign trade surged by 8.1 percent to $850 billion, including exports – by almost 20 percent, 19.9, with imports declining by almost 12 percent (11.7). The trade balance surplus was $332 billion, or 70 percent more than in 2021. We are now with you at the House of Music – this is such good music. To be continued. Topics Economy and finance Support for business Persons Shokhin Alexander Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: March 16, 2023, 16:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70688 Text version