Events Meeting on spring flood relief Vladimir Putin chaired a videoconference meeting on spring flood relief in the Orenburg, Kurgan and Tyumen regions. April 24, 2024 15:40 The Kremlin, Moscow The meeting was attended by Government members, senior officials of relevant ministries, and heads of the flood-affected regions and municipalities. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Colleagues, good afternoon. Today, we will discuss issues of relieving the consequences of severe floods in the Orenburg, Kurgan, and Tyumen regions. Our meeting is being attended by Government members, senior officials of relevant ministries, as well as heads of the affected regions, and, at my request, heads of the municipalities affected by floods will also work with us today. At the moment, the Orenburg Region is in the most challenging situation. Several residential areas remain flooded, and the water level is slow to subside. Reports on developments in the flooded areas are coming in regularly. We are in constant contact with the Emergencies Minister – I spoke to him this morning – and the Minister of Construction, Housing and Utilities. Both travel to the regions to analyse the situation and assess the damage. According to the incoming reports, enough resources have been mobilised to ensure a proper response to the flooding. The rescuers, jointly with our colleagues on the ground and staff of other federal departments, security and law enforcement agencies, and – I want to specifically mention this – volunteers are taking professional and coordinated efforts. I want to ask the federal, regional, and local authorities to continue rendering all the necessary support to the flood victims, including monetary compensation, and responding to every complaint or request from our citizens. It is also necessary to keep monitoring the epidemiological and sanitary situation, forestall speculative hikes in prices of essential goods, and provide timely medical and legal assistance to the flood victims. I would like to draw your attention to the fact that I find it necessary to hold an expanded-format meeting next time and to discuss the entire range of issues linked with flood prevention and measures to protect communities. As we can see, there are systemic, organisational and administrative problems here. We should clarify what measures should be implemented by the Federation, the regions and local authorities. We will also analyse whether the existing water control structures comply with the requirements, we will assess the implementation of dam construction, renovation and maintenance programmes, as well as those for other engineering structures to protect territories from adverse impact of water flows. Of course, we have to address a separate and highly important issue. It is important to thoroughly review and adjust, if necessary, the amount of compensation to be granted to the citizens affected by this emergency. This concerns one-time benefits, compensation for partial or full loss of property, and other payments. Regardless of their fiscal capacity, the regions must be fair and aligned in their approaches to the benefits. In conclusion, I would like to note that, as I have repeatedly said, people absolutely do not care what tier of state authority is responsible for a particular issue; nor do they care about their powers. Most important, we need to effectively address problems that people face, including emergencies. It is necessary to listen to people and to respond to their requests effectively and in a timely fashion so that the entire system of public authority functions in a well-coordinated and efficient manner. Let us get down to work and discuss all the issues I have mentioned. To be continued . Geography Kurgan Region Orenburg Region Tyumen Region Topics Regions Persons Fayzullin Irek Kurenkov Alexander Moor Alexander Pasler Denis Shumkov Vadim 1 more Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: April 24, 2024, 15:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73933 Text version