Events Meeting with permanent members of Security Council The President held a meeting, via videoconference, with permanent members of the Security Council. February 11, 2022 14:30 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region Meeting with permanent members of the Security Council (via videoconference). Taking part in the meeting were Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Mishustin Mikhail Prime Minister of the Russian Federation , Federation Council Speaker Valentina Matviyenko Matviyenko Valentina Chairwoman of the Council of Federation , State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin Volodin Vyacheslav State Duma Speaker , Deputy Chairman of the Security Council Dmitry Medvedev Medvedev Dmitry Deputy Chairman of the Security Council of the Russian Federation , Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Anton Vaino Vaino Anton Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , Secretary of the Security Council Nikolai Patrushev Patrushev Nikolai Secretary of the Russian Federation Security Council , Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu Shoigu Sergei Defence Minister , Director of the Federal Security Service Alexander Bortnikov Bortnikov Alexander Director of the Federal Security Service , Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergei Naryshkin Naryshkin Sergei Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service , and Special Presidential Representative for Environmental Protection, Ecology and Transport Sergei Ivanov Ivanov Sergei Special Presidential Representative for Environmental Protection, Ecology and Transport . * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Colleagues, good afternoon. Relations with the CIS member countries, in the post-Soviet space are a priority of our foreign policy course. Today we will discuss them. I would like to stress once again that, of course, this is a key topic, as I have already said. We have a lot of initiatives here and a very good dialogue with our leading partners, extensive trade; we work with many of them within the EAEU and the CSTO. Recent events show that all this work is leading to positive results and is much in demand. Today we will discuss ways to improve the mechanisms we have created in this area in recent years. <…> See also Security Council News Topics CIS Foreign policy National security Publication status Published in sections: News , Security Council Publication date: February 11, 2022, 14:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/67753 Text version