Events Meeting with chairmen of parliaments of CSTO member states The President of Russia met in the Kremlin with chairmen of parliaments of the Collective Security Treaty Organisation member states. December 9, 2024 17:10 The Kremlin, Moscow The meeting was attended by Chairman of the State Duma of the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation, Chairman of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Collective Security Treaty Organisation Vyacheslav Volodin Volodin Vyacheslav Chairman of the State Duma , Chairman of the House of Representatives of the National Assembly of the Republic of Belarus Igor Sergeyenko, Chairman of the Mazhilis of the Parliament of the Republic of Kazakhstan Yerlan Koshanov, Chairman of the Jogorku Kenesh of the Kyrgyz Republic Nurlanbek Shakiev, and Chairman of the Majlisi Namoyandagon of the Majlisi Oli of the Republic of Tajikistan Mahmadtohir Zokirzoda. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Friends, colleagues, I am very glad to see you all. Welcome! I am aware that you have successfully held a regular meeting of the CSTO Parliamentary Assembly, discussed important issues related to legislative support for interaction between the CSTO member states in the areas of defence, military construction, crisis response, fighting terrorism, drug trafficking and organised crime, and outlined plans for legislative activities in the context of the decisions approved by my colleagues, the heads of the CSTO member states not long ago, in Astana, in November. Today, Russia – you may have already taken note of this – marks the Heroes of the Fatherland Day. On this memorable date, we honour heroes, holders of combat orders, pay tribute to our forefathers and contemporaries who have displayed bravery and selflessness in the name of the Motherland and, of course, recall the immortal feat of our fathers and grandfathers who defended our common Fatherland during the Great Patriotic War. This is our common victory which we fought for shoulder to shoulder. Our peoples worked hard for this victory during the Great Patriotic War. Next year, as you know, we will celebrate a major date – the 80 th anniversary of Victory of our people in this battle. All CSTO countries will hold commemorative, memorial, social, cultural and awareness events, and we are, of course, looking forward to seeing the leaders of the CSTO member states in Moscow on May 9, 2025, and we also invite the military units from your countries to join the Russian military for the parade on Red Square. It is important that the CSTO member states work actively in cooperation to preserve the historical truth and memory of the sacrifices made to secure our victory over Nazism. As previously mentioned, during the Astana summit, it was agreed that joint efforts in this domain should continue, with an emphasis on promoting the perception of the victory achieved in 1945 as a shared value for all humanity. In this context, the recommendations to parliaments approved at your meeting, aimed at countering destructive external attempts to revise and distort the historical truth about the Second World War, as well as the appeal to the parliaments of all countries worldwide in commemoration of the anniversary of our Victory, appear highly relevant. I wish to highlight that cooperation within the CSTO is based on the principles of alliance, fraternal camaraderie, and mutual support. We are resolutely committed to strengthening the organisation and enhancing its authority in ensuring peace and stability across the extensive Eurasian region. We stand united in advocating the establishment of a just multipolar world order, equitable and indivisible security, respect for each nation's sovereign interests, and the right of each to pursue their own developmental model. The CSTO's coordinated approaches to key regional and international issues are reflected, among other things, in the political declarations regularly adopted by the Parliamentary Assembly. While these may appear to be general documents with broad statements and ideas concerning our collective efforts, they are far more than mere words; they embody the essence of our collaborative endeavours. Moreover, legislators of the CSTO member states are making a substantial contribution to the harmonisation of legal regulations governing the activities of competent authorities and intelligence services. Concepts of migration security and recommendations for enhancing legislation to combat illegal migration have been formulated in a timely manner. Both Russia and our partners share a vested interest in this matter, as it is imperative that all measures are implemented punctually. This ensures that both people travelling within our association from one country to another to be employed and the local population feel safe, confident and secure, while those who arrive are ready for this work, understand where they are arriving in, know the language of the country where they plan to live and work, have access to social benefits and guarantees, both they themselves and their family members, but in way, I repeat, that is also comfortable for the permanent citizens of this or that country who certainly expect their government to uphold their rights and guarantees in terms of labour legislation and security. This is something we must certainly bear in mind. I am aware that you have developed a corresponding model draft law that can be used by the Organisation’s members to streamline national regulation and to prevent military biological activity. This is a very important area of our joint work. You, as well as we, are well aware of the fact that some countries are developing these activities within the borders of foreign countries, including our countries, and we must, without any doubt, know what is going on in these laboratories: whether there are threats, and if so, what they are, and how to counter them. The Parliamentary Assembly also deals with information security. We are well aware of the world we live in, how important it is, and we must organise our work in such a way as to ensure security. On the other hand, we must not stand in the way of progress and not hinder the development of the areas of activity that would undoubtedly contribute to our own development which is no small feat. But in this regard, of course, special attention should be paid to regulating the internet, creating and legally regulating everything related to artificial intelligence, robotics, and the use of big data. Here, we need to ensure the effective employment of all these options for the development of the economy and the social sphere, but at the same time we must ensure the security of our citizens and their rights, including the right to private life, the right to privacy, and the right not to have the state interfere without good grounds in those areas of activity that an individual considers to be his reliable rear, his family, his home. Harmony and cooperation should be developed here at the level of the state and an individual. Legal support for this work is of paramount importance. When we work on it together, it creates a single space: both legal space and humanitarian space in the broadest sense of the word. We trust that the legislators of our respective countries will also make their contribution to addressing such an urgent task as countering the spread of unreliable information and the imposition of destructive ideological attitudes from outside. Traditional values we are discussing, irrespective of the predominant religion in a nation, are largely consistent among us. We understand this, we know this, including from the times of the Soviet Union, when all our countries existed as a single state. It is indeed commendable that interactions are facilitated through civil society and religious organisations. However, it is essential that all these efforts are bolstered by members of parliament, who engage directly with the people, safeguarding the interests of their electorate. Another area which appears to demand attention is the support for military-technical and military-economic cooperation, particularly for nations within an organisation such as the Collective Security Treaty Organisation. Given the current challenging international climate, it is crucial to secure technological leadership for CSTO countries in the defence sector. Joint efforts are needed to standardise weaponry and military equipment, and to foster multilateral cooperation among specific enterprises and entire industries linked to the defence sector. Moreover, one of the key elements of the Assembly's work has been and continues to be the oversight of elections in member countries. The CSTO Parliamentary Assembly has deservedly attained broad international acclaim and has forged substantial cooperation with relevant international bodies, such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, and numerous countries in Latin America and Africa. In conclusion, I wish to underscore that without your backing, without the support of the public and various political forces you represent, it would be exceedingly challenging, if not impossible, to address the tasks facing the CSTO states, given that each area requires legislative support and legislative instruments. Naturally, at your meeting, you set out general principles that should ultimately be integrated into national legislation. This is of utmost significance. I would like to thank you for getting together today in Moscow and wish you all the best in your work – now, in the near future and in the coming years. Thank you. See also State visit to Kazakhstan. CSTO Summit November 28, 2024 Topics CSTO Foreign policy Persons Volodin Vyacheslav Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: December 9, 2024, 17:10 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75810 Text version