Events Greetings to participants and organisers of events marking 1100th anniversary of adoption of Islam by Volga Bulgaria Vladimir Putin sent greetings to the participants and organisers of events marking the 1100 th anniversary of the adoption of Islam by Volga Bulgaria. May 19, 2022 10:20 The message reads, in part: “I offer you my heartfelt greetings and congratulations on the 1100 th anniversary of the adoption of Islam by Volga Bulgaria, which is an important event for the Muslim ummah of Russia and the world, and, of course, for our entire country. We are sincerely happy that guests from dozens of countries – politicians, religious and public figures, scientists, artists and journalists – have come to the Republic of Tatarstan to attend the celebrations. The adoption of Islam by Volga Bulgaria was a landmark event in the history of our Motherland. It influenced its establishment as a multiconfessional country and played an important role in the formation of a united and strong-knit people of Russia. For centuries, Russian Muslims have made a significant contribution to the development of the country. Their great achievements in various areas are an inseparable part of our rich historical, scientific, cultural and spiritual heritage. The current generation of Muslims in Russia treats the traditions and customs of their ancestors with respect and adheres to their firm commitment to honest service to the Fatherland, high ideals of patriotism and justice. During the special military operation in Ukraine, Muslim soldiers have shown fortitude, courage and dedication. It is important that Russian Muslims actively participate in expanding the country’s international ties. The current events, especially the 13 th International Economic Summit Russia – Islamic World: KazanSummit 2022, and a regular meeting of the Russia – Islamic World Strategic Vision Group are the proof of that. We set a high value on strengthening the friendly ties with Muslim countries, both bilateral relations and within the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation. We coordinate our efforts in dealing with many important issues on the regional and global agenda, and together stand against the use of blackmail, discriminative measures, and political and economic dictate in international relations. We count on the further boosting of mutually beneficial, productive cooperation in trade, economy, science and technology, culture and other areas. I am confident that the meetings held during the celebrations will facilitate a free exchange of opinions and the launch of promising and useful new initiatives.” Topics Religion Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: May 19, 2022, 10:20 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68443 Text version