Events Video address to the participants of the opening ceremony of the Kyrgyzstan Culture Days in Russia October 20, 2024 19:00 Video address to the participants of the opening ceremony of the Kyrgyzstan Culture Days in Russia. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Friends, I would like to welcome you to the opening of the Days of Kyrgyzstan Culture festival. We are sincerely delighted to welcome all the artists, academics and public figures from friendly Kyrgyzstan. The programme of Culture Days events is rich and diverse, encompassing a Kyrgyz film festival, exhibitions from the National Historical Museum and the Union of Artists of Kyrgyzstan, theatre productions, shows by pop symphony orchestras and folk bands, book launches, and a forum of intellectuals from the two countries. I am confident that all the events planned will be a success, and most importantly, will give the people in our country a chance to learn more about the rich culture, deep-rooted traditions and modern life of Kyrgyzstan. I would like to note that just about 100 years ago, in October 1924, the Kara-Kirghiz Autonomous Region was established in the RSFSR by the decision of the All-Russian Central Executive Committee of Soviets. That decision, in fact, gave rise to the consolidation of the Kyrgyz nation, its territorial and cultural community within a single administrative entity. Subsequently, in December 1936, the Kyrgyz Soviet Socialist Republic was created, which was enshrined in the Constitution of the USSR. The 1920s and 1930s period saw explosive economic growth and social progress in Kyrgyzstan. Far-reaching Soviet industrialisation programmes stimulated the dynamic advancement of the region’s industry, agriculture, and infrastructure development. Also during that period, the republic’s education system was formed, all the way from primary schools to higher education, and the Kyrgyz State Pedagogical Institute was founded – the first higher education provider in Kyrgyzstan. As soon as in 1938, the literacy rate in the republic reached 70 percent of the population and continued to increase annually. In 1941, the Kyrgyz alphabet was compiled, based on the Cyrillic script. Fundamental transformations took place in the republic’s culture, too, with the booming growth in various kinds of art, museums, theatre and cinematography. An array of cultural facilities that opened during that period included a music and drama studio, a central museum, a state philharmonic society, and many others. Kyrgyz literature began to emerge, giving the world a whole constellation of talented authors including world-famous Chingiz Aitmatov. It is difficult to overestimate the enormous contribution made by the people of Kyrgyzstan, as well as by the entire multi-ethnic Soviet nation, to the victory in the Great Patriotic War. More than 150,000 Kyrgyz soldiers and officers were decorated with orders and medals for exceptional courage and bravery shown at the frontlines. As many as 29 of them became Full Cavaliers of the Order of Glory, while 74 were awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union. In 1941–1942, about 140,000 Russians were evacuated to the republic, including over 16,000 residents of besieged Leningrad, as well as 41 orphanages, 30 large defence plants, and several research institutes relocated from the western and central regions of the Soviet Union. A branch of the Soviet Academy of Sciences opened, paving the way for strong post-war growth. Today, the Russian Federation and the Republic of Kyrgyzstan are linked by a strong bond of strategic partnership and alliance. We effectively cooperate within the EAEU, CIS, CSTO, SCO and other international platforms. Russia is among the leading trade partners of Kyrgyzstan. Naturally, our cultural and humanitarian cooperation, people-to-people ties remain among the most important components of the Russian-Kyrgyz partnership. These ties have always been multifaceted and contributed to closer friendship and mutual understanding between our nations. I would like to wish you all the very best on the opening of the Days of Kyrgyzstan Culture in Russia and wish the fraternal Kyrgyz people prosperity and well-being. I thank you for your attention. Geography Kyrgyzstan Topics Culture Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: October 20, 2024, 19:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75354 Text version