Events Congratulations on Investigation Officers’ Day Vladimir Putin congratulated Russia’s investigation officers on their professional holiday. July 25, 2022 00:00 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region Congratulations on Investigation Officers’ Day. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Comrade officers, Congratulations on your professional holiday, Investigation Officers’ Day. You are engaged in complicated, painstaking and responsible work, you address tasks of great state and public significance, you make a tremendous contribution to the fight against crime, corruption and extremism, upholding the primacy of law and justice. I would like to thank you for your honest and conscientious service, for your professionalism, principled attitudes and commitment to the best traditions of investigative work. Today, special words of gratitude, of course, go to retired investigation officers, and I would like to wish them good health and well-being. Thank you for your readiness to continue serving and your willingness to share your immensely rich experience. I am confident that the current generation of investigation officers will always fulfil their duty before the country and Russian citizens in a worthy manner, and that you will continue to improve your knowledge and legal education and to introduce advanced approaches and modern investigation methods using state-of-the-art technologies. At the same time, it is highly important that your work is fully in accord with topical legislative changes, including those aimed at improving the national business climate and humanising Russian legislation. It is also necessary to prosecute persons guilty of threatening people’s lives and health in a tough and determined manner and in full conformity with the law. Comrade officers, I hope that Russian investigation officers will carry out their duties in a proper and effective manner, and that they will achieve impressive results while accomplishing the entire range of their highly important tasks. I would like to wish you every success in your service and all the best. Once again, congratulations on your professional holiday. Topics Civil service Fight against crime Law enforcement agencies Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 25, 2022, 00:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69059 Text version