Events Meeting with Moscow Region Governor Andrei Vorobyov After visiting the Federal Children’s Rehabilitation Centre, the President held a meeting with Moscow Region Governor Andrei Vorobyov. June 1, 2023 20:15 Podolsk, Moscow Region Andrei Vorobyov Vorobyov Andrei Governor of Moscow Region told the President about plans to build a park with workout machines and everything else necessary for continuing treatment and rehabilitation in a five-hectare forest around the rehabilitation centre. Replying to the President’s question, Andrei Vorobyov said that there were 8.5 million people living in the Moscow Region according to the latest population census, but the actual population was 10 million. He pointed out that it was the fastest growing region, and that the current construction projects were proof of that. In the past, apartment blocks were built in the region, whereas the current trend is individual housing. The region is growing, and the number of schoolchildren and kindergarten kids increases every year. This is why schools are being built very fast. They also discussed the issue of shared-equity construction. Vladimir Putin recalled that there were 117,000 defrauded homebuyers in the region two or three years before and the governor promised to settle that problem in 2023. Andrei Vorobyov reported that their number had decreased to 12,000, that they addressed the problem jointly with the federal Government and developers, and that the remaining people should be able to move into their flats by the end of the year. The introduction of escrow accounts will now preclude any machinations by unscrupulous developers. The President noted that the regional economy was growing, overall, and that the situation in industry and the region’s financial potential were improving. According to the Governor, the industry grew by 3.7 percent and the budget, by 12.5 percent in January through May. Trade, which accounts for 23 percent of the region’s GDP, has diminished, but the decline has been compensated by the industry, which has turned the demand for skilled workers into a challenge. When Vladimir Putin asked which major issues the Governor would like to discuss with him, Andrei Vorobyov mentioned the transport issue. He also said people in the region call for creating parks and asked the President to support their Parks in the Woods project. Vladimir Putin pointed out that this issue should be discussed with the State Duma, because people often fear that such projects could be used to camouflage residential or other development. This is why they should be given guarantees that these will really be tended urban forests. In conclusion, Andrei Vorobyov said that in the first ten days of June the Moscow Region Duma would give the start to the gubernational election campaign and asked the President to support his candidacy. Vladimir Putin noted the satisfactory performance of the region and said that it held the lead in terms of some socially significant indicators, which is evidence of positive groundwork. He wished Andrei Vorobyov success if he wanted to run for the post and, most importantly, if he had people’s support. However, the President added, it is also necessary to work with voters, to tell them honestly and objectively about achievements and failures, future plans and ways to implement them. Vladimir Putin emphasised that one must be convincing and use modern methods to inform people about the results of one’s work to win their support. See also Visit to the Federal Children’s Rehabilitation Centre June 1, 2023 Geography Moscow Region Topics Regions Persons Vorobyov Andrei Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: June 1, 2023, 20:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71274 Text version