Events Meeting with Head of Karachayevo-Circassia Rashid Temrezov Vladimir Putin had a working meeting with the Head of the Karachayevo-Circassian Republic. Rashid Temrezov briefed the President on the socioeconomic development of the region. January 5, 2023 12:10 The Kremlin, Moscow At the outset of the conversation, the President noted that industrial production was going up, investments were growing in such areas as hydropower generation, processing industries and agriculture even though the republic still had some unresolved issues and problems. Rashid Termezov spoke about the opening of a mutton processing plant in the republic, one of the biggest in Russia. He noted that the production of construction materials in the republic is on the rise but, unfortunately, the construction industry is in decline due to limited road construction, and despite record highs in housing construction. Nevertheless, over 170 projects are under construction: utility infrastructure, schools, hospitals and sports facilities. Vladimir Putin stressed that this should be given special focus considering that many social infrastructure facilities need upgrading and close attention. New construction is definitely also a must. According to Rashid Temrezov Temrezov Rashid Head of Karachayevo-Circassian Republic , the President’s directive ordering major repairs of educational institutions and schools was of great help. There are 24 such buildings in the republic, with most of them in rural areas. He also recalled that the President issued an instruction to focus on infrastructure budget loans during their previous meeting. This work is well underway with the Government of the Russian Federation. The Ministry of Economic Development approved the programme for utility infrastructure. Pursuant to Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin’s instructions, an economic development plan is being developed with projects worth over 160 billion rubles in various sectors including tourism, which is on the upswing, industrial production and agriculture. This will create about 10,000 jobs. Concerning the social sphere, Rashid Temrezov expressed gratitude for the decision to pay extra benefits to families with children aged 8 to17. Vladimir Putin noted that the series of measures to help families currently being designed in the country – from pregnancy to the child’s 17 th birthday – would help all families. Geography Karachayevo-Circassian Republic Topics Children Economy and finance Industry Regions Persons Temrezov Rashid Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: January 5, 2023, 12:10 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70327 Text version