Events Meeting with elected heads of regions The President held a videoconference meeting with the highest officials elected in 15 Russian constituent entities. October 10, 2022 11:25 St Petersburg The meeting was attended by the elected heads of the republics of Adygea, Buryatia, Karelia, Mari El, Udmurtia as well as the Vladimir, Kaliningrad, Kirov, Novgorod, Ryazan, Saratov, Sverdlovsk, Tambov, Tomsk and Yaroslavl regions. President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, colleagues, First of all, I want to congratulate you on winning the election. You have shown strong and conclusive results. This shows that citizens trust you and link with you their hopes for the development of the regions and for solving the problems that concern everyone. I would like to note that the election campaign was held openly, competitively, cleanly, without scandals, thank God, and without any resonant candidate removals. Among you are those who confirmed their authority in these elections, who were elected for a new term, and those who are taking up the post of regional head for the first time. But I think you see your key task the same way. It is to improve the quality of people's lives, to improve the social and economic situation in the regions, and to create a solid, reliable foundation for moving forward. Our country is currently facing a certain amount of pressure from external sources. This imposes a particular, even greater degree of responsibility on regional heads, as on leaders at every level of power, and requires even greater concentration, and consolidation of efforts for the sake of reaching the goals we are facing. Consolidation and unity of our society is vividly manifested in its readiness to come to the aid of the new federal constituent entities and to restore peaceful life in the liberated territories. The regions collect humanitarian aid for them and take such localities and entire areas under their patronage. I want to thank everyone who is taking part in this work. I am sure that our fellow citizens feel the support they need. Here’s another important thing I would like to mention. I ask you to follow up closely on the partial mobilisation effort being conducted in strict accordance with the law and on providing necessary assistance to the families of those mobilised. I emphasise that all the decisions that were taken, including social benefits, payments and additional allocations from regional budgets to the families of privates, sergeants and officers serving in and joining the Russian Armed Forces must be carried out without fail. Colleagues, I have spoken about this repeatedly and will now say again that we must use the challenges created by foreign pressure to further Russia’s development – we have already discussed this more than once with many colleagues. We must act in the interests of strengthening our sovereignty, making full use of our domestic scientific, industrial, technological and business potential. Of course, the Government, federal ministries and agencies are engaged in this, but much depends on governors and their teams – your teams. In the regions, locally, it is seen more clearly which project or initiative can positively benefit the economy of that region and the country as a whole. These promising projects that meet national development goals need to be adequately supported. Even in the harsh sanctions regime, we need to ensure the full functioning of regional economies. Overall, today you are handling this task well. Of course, the strict provision of social assistance remains at the heart of our work. We have everything we need to minimise possible losses and, ideally, put regional economies on a growth trajectory in the short and medium-term. You understand this, of course, since it is the chief factor in enhancing popular well-being, and it must be done, without fail. I understand perfectly well that this is not an easy task. Its solution will require making out-of-the-box and bold decisions and working in even closer coordination with the Government, federal bodies and with your colleagues from other regions. And, of course, we need to consistently and tirelessly implement the development plans and programmes that we outlined earlier. I mean the upgrade of infrastructure: transport, engineering, housing and communal services, social gasification, and the entire range of measures related to healthcare, education, improving the ecological situation, and creating a comfortable, well-maintained environment in cities and towns. All this directly influences people’s quality of life, and it is extremely important to constantly seek feedback on all these issues, to see the situation not only from paper reports, but from people’s real opinions, to consider their responses and assessments, which sometimes may not the most positive, sometimes it can even be negative. But this is the key to people’s trust in power and stability in society: an understanding of how it reacts to what we do. I believe that this is how you will act and fulfil your duties, which are difficult and require maximum responsibility and dedication, conscientious work to direct all your power, knowledge, and skills to serve people and for the good of Russia. Of course, I would like to wish you success in this – I hope and I believe – fruitful work. Thank you for your attention and I would like to give the floor to the participants of our meeting. Please, who would like to take the floor? <…> Topics Civil service Regions Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: October 10, 2022, 11:25 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69567 Text version