Events Greetings to participants and guests of the exhibition and forum marking two years of the Russian Popular Front. Everything for Victory! foundation Vladimir Putin sent greetings to the participants and guests of the exhibition and forum marking two years of the Russian Popular Front. Everything for Victory! charitable foundation June 18, 2024 18:00 The message reads, in part: “Since its inception, the employees of the foundation created by the Russian Popular Front have invested extensive effort in helping the participants in the special military operation, our heroes who are valiantly fighting for the Motherland, its territorial integrity and security, defending the lives of our citizens. As has always been the case, historically, during years of hardest trials, the multi-ethnic Russian society is demonstrating cohesion, unity between the army and the people, and loyalty to the values of mutual assistance and solidarity bequeathed to us by our ancestors. A vivid example of this is the dedicated work of the Popular Front. Everything for Victory! foundation, as well as other volunteer organisations and people who step forward to support the frontline soldiers, who raise money for the units fighting on the front lines. These funds, the people’s money, have been used to buy body armour and first aid kits, food and warm clothes, thousands of drones, cars and radios, hundreds of ATVs and other equipment, including products created by domestic engineers and designers as part of innovative projects. All these items have been sent to the troops. Such heartfelt care strengthens the morale of our soldiers and officers. It convincingly shows that together, we can respond to any challenge. And it means that victory will be ours. I sincerely thank you for your patriotic stance, and for your contribution to Russia’s future. I am confident that you will continue to fulfil your high mission with honour.” Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: June 18, 2024, 18:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74337 Text version