Events Meeting with Interim President of Burkina Faso Ibrahim Traore Vladimir Putin met with Interim President of Burkina Faso Ibrahim Traore at the Constantine Palace. July 29, 2023 14:40 St Petersburg President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr President, friends, colleagues, First of all, I would like to thank you for accepting our invitation and finding the opportunity to take part in the work of the second Russia–Africa summit. I think you will agree with me: the meeting was useful and diverse; people expressed their opinions, and these opinions were different, but all the same, all the work was carried out in the spirit of friendship, mutual understanding, and a search for solutions to any issue; moreover, an interested search. During the summit, various areas of cooperation between Russia and the African continent were discussed, and at today’s meeting, we will be able to compare notes on topical issues of bilateral cooperation and outline plans for their further development. Bilateral ties between Russia and Burkina Faso have traditionally been friendly. Last year we celebrated the 55 th anniversary of diplomatic relations. We know that people in Burkina Faso treat Russia with sympathy and interest: Mr President, I saw and heard this from you yesterday in your short speech. For our part, we also pay great attention to developing relations with Burkina Faso. In particular, we have decided to reopen the Russian embassy, which was closed back in 1992. I am sure that the work of the Russian embassy will give an additional boost to the development of our relations. Our political dialogue is regular. In December 2022, the Prime Minister of your interim government made a working visit to Russia. Talks between our defence ministries were held in June. Interparliamentary ties are expanding, which I find important, too. We are ready to work together to develop trade and economic cooperation. Our trade is not extensive yet, even in terms of Russia-Africa relations, but I believe we will discuss it today: there is room to grow. Work is underway on agreements, too. Corresponding documents are being developed in the sphere of civil aviation, sport, mutual recognition of education and qualifications. We will continue to assist Burkina Faso in training personnel in civilian professions in Russia. In the 2023/24 academic year, 10 state scholarships have been awarded to Burkina Faso. If you are interested, Mr President, we will consider the possibility of increasing this quota. Our countries coordinate closely on topical issues on the international agenda. We can see the good level of interaction at the UN and other international organisations. In June, the Russian Government decided to contribute 10 million US dollars as voluntary assistance to the UN World Food Programme for humanitarian assistance to a number of countries, 2.5 million US dollars of which will go to Burkina Faso. Mr President, friends, we are sincerely pleased to welcome you to Russia, and I am glad to meet with you today. Thank you. To be continued. See also Russia–Africa Summit July 28, 2023 Geography Burkina Faso Topics Foreign policy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 29, 2023, 14:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71838 Text version