Events Video address on 75th anniversary of Russian Society Znaniye December 13, 2022 19:25 President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Friends, I congratulate you on the 75 th anniversary of the Znaniye Society, and I want to thank you for the great, fruitful work that you are doing today. This scientific and educational organisation, established in 1947, during the difficult post-war period, brought together outstanding scientists, teachers and cultural figures. They channeled their talent, experience and powerful creativity into addressing the major challenges of restoring the country, providing a broad, mass education, and mastering scientific knowledge as the foundation of socioeconomic development. After the Victory in the Great Patriotic War, our scientists and our entire nation achieved indisputable breakthrough achievements in many areas and spheres through their work and intellect. We must remember this, and we have every right to be proud of it; we must move forward and strive for new horizons, relying on the best domestic traditions of scientific research and education, take on large, complex, ambitious tasks of the present together, and make full use of those colossal opportunities, which have always opened amid historical challenges and trials. In this regard, you, the Znaniye Russian Society, have a considerable responsibility. The activities of the society have undergone qualitative change in the past year and a half and have advanced to a fundamentally different, higher level. Digital materials and modern approaches to work with youth are being introduced; online streaming, a vivid presentation of video materials and lectures on a variety of themes are becoming increasingly popular. Releasing them under the Znaniye Society brand has already become an indication of quality. New, promising projects and contests are available including touring lectures, League of Knowledge , and Lecturers’ League . Incidentally, the Znaniye Society has over 9,000 lecturers including prominent scientists and heads of leading companies, famous actors and athletes, those, who have attained the top level in their careers and can relate the stories of their success. I ask you to keep up the current pace and continue this work across the entire country, including in Russia’s new regions, the Donetsk and Luhansk People's Republics, and the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions, where representative offices of the Znaniye Society have already been opened. I hope that your contribution to the national and sovereign development of Russia, all its regions and in all areas will only grow, including, of course, in upholding the truth about our ancestors, about the trials of the past, about our heroes, about everyone who is now fighting for the Motherland, performing a noble, sacred patriotic duty. We will not allow anyone to denigrate and slander them, and our main weapon against disinformation and lies will continue to be solid knowledge, truth and love for Russia. Once again, I congratulate all members of the Znaniye Society on its 75 th anniversary and sincerely wish you success in your work, your engaging, interesting and very important work for the country, for all people of Russia. Topics Science and innovation Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: December 13, 2022, 19:25 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70077 Text version