Events Launch of transport infrastructure facilities in Moscow Vladimir Putin took part, via videoconference, in the launch of several new transport facilities of Moscow: Prospekt Bagrationa (the northern relief road of Kutuzovsky Prospekt), the southern section of the Moscow High-Speed Diameter and the fourth line of the Moscow Central Diameters (MCD-4). September 9, 2023 13:15 Moscow Also taking part in the launch ceremony were Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin Sobyanin Sergei Moscow Mayor , Governor of the Moscow Region Andrei Vorobyov Vorobyov Andrei Governor of Moscow Region and Russian Railways CEO Oleg Belozerov Belozerov Oleg General Director of Russian Railways . Prospekt Bagrationa is a toll motorway with no traffic lights with a total length of almost 22 km. It will improve transport services for people living in a number of Moscow districts and the adjacent areas of the Moscow Region with a total population of more than 1.5 million and will relieve congestion on Kutuzovsky Prospekt and Mozhayskoye highway. The southern section of the Moscow High-Speed Diameter is a new motorway from Shosse Entuziastov to the 32 nd kilometre of the Moscow Automobile Ring Road. The fourth railway diameter, the Kaluzhsko-Nizhegorodskaya line, runs through central Moscow and connects seven railway stations. The MCD-4, which is 86 km long, will improve transport connectivity in over 20 Moscow districts, as well as relieve congestion on the capital’s motorways and several metro lines. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: I would like to address all the participants in today’s events. They are undoubtedly impressive. Today, another serious step has been taken in the development of the Moscow Transport Hub. Everything that has been done today is for the benefit of Moscow, the Moscow Region and all the people who live in this region and come here. We are talking about millions of people without any exaggeration; millions who will now have better logistics and better quality of life. This is a serious step forward for the economy. I congratulate everyone and wish you all the best. Thank you all very much. Good luck. Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin: Thank you very much for your support. Geography Moscow Region Moscow Topics Construction industry Regions Transport Persons Sobyanin Sergei Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: September 9, 2023, 13:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72228 Text version