Events Congratulations to winners and finalists of Bolshaya Peremena contest for students of secondary vocational education institutions Vladimir Putin congratulated the winners and finalists of the Bolshaya Peremena national contest for students of secondary vocational education institutions. November 15, 2024 20:00 The message reads, in part: “Congratulations on the successful completion of the Bolshaya Peremena national contest for students of secondary vocational education institutions. These days, Nizhny Novgorod warmly welcomes once again talented young people from cities and towns across our vast country, who have completed the long race with excellent marks, demonstrating their resolve to compete with strong and worthy opponents on equal footing. I am confident that taking part in this contest is a great opportunity to prove yourself, learn to work in a team, and implement promising ideas and initiatives together. Additionally, during the Year of the Family, many of the forum events are dedicated to important issues such as preserving historical memory and strengthening traditional family values, as well as spiritual and moral principles that unite all generations of Russians. I would like to emphasise that blue-collar specialists are the backbone of the national economy and our key industries. The future of domestic industries – high-tech industries, the modernisation of civilian and defence facilities, housing, utilities and construction – directly depends on their expertise, skills and abilities. Therefore, the government will continue to prioritise efforts to bolster respect for blue-collar occupations, as well as the quality of training for young people in vocational programmes at colleges and lyceums. I wish you inspiration, good luck and all the best. I sincerely congratulate the winners of the contest.” Topics Professional training Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: November 15, 2024, 20:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75582 Text version