Events Greetings on the opening of the Future Technologies Forum Vladimir Putin sent greetings to the participants, organisers and guests of the Future Technologies Forum. July 9, 2023 09:00 The message reads, in part: “Welcome to the Future Technologies Forum, which takes place under the motto “Ahead of Time.” The Forum will become a tradition and aims to provide an open platform for dialogue between representatives of the government, business and scientists in order to develop joint steps for research and technology in areas that will shape global development and the future of mankind in the near term. Our job, Russia’s top priority, is to use the enormous potential of such innovative solutions to ensure economic growth and improve the quality of people’s lives. This year’s Forum is dedicated to quantum technologies, which can be used in a wide scope of areas: computers of new generation, the development and creation of unique medicines and materials, optimization of energy networks and logistics, as well as secure data transmission channels, ultra-sensitive measuring instruments, medicine and security. Today, amidst unprecedented external challenges and, most importantly, the sweeping, high-quality renovation of industry, agriculture and all sectors of the Russian economy, public administration and the social sphere, it is fundamentally important that the advanced developments of our engineers and researchers be introduced as quickly as possible. This is the key to strengthening our technological sovereignty and, hence, national progress and the improved well-being of our citizens. I hope that the Future Technologies Forum will provide an additional powerful impetus to this work. I would like to point out that foreign experts will also be taking part in the upcoming meetings. I see this as a good opportunity to establish mutually beneficial cooperation and promising technological partnerships and implement joint breakthrough projects.” Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: July 9, 2023, 09:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71604 Text version