Events Meeting with Federation Council Speaker Valentina Matviyenko The Speaker of the parliament’s upper chamber reported on the Federation Council’s performance during the spring session. August 1, 2023 14:10 The Kremlin, Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Ms Matviyenko, good afternoon. Federation Council Speaker Valentina Matviyenko Matviyenko Valentina Chairwoman of the Council of Federation : Good afternoon, Mr President. Vladimir Putin : The spring session is now over, isn’t it? Valentina Matviyenko : I would like to begin by taking this opportunity to express my deep gratitude to you for supporting not only the Federation Council, but also the regional parliaments, as well as for taking part in the Council of Legislators, as usual. I say this without any fanfare, but it is my belief that this demonstrates the way the head of state respects parliament as one of the core democratic institutions, as well as the opinion of members of parliament at all levels. It is the people who elect them to these offices. Therefore, I would like to thank you for that. Vladimir Putin : They are called upon to deliver on very important tasks, especially at the regional level, literally they work on the ground, directly with people. Valentina Matviyenko : This is a source of both confidence and strength. Mr President, we had quite a packed agenda for this past session, but I believe that it was an effective one too. We reviewed about 500 draft laws. Even more importantly, the senators have become more active with 70 laws initiated either by senators or with the participation of other actors entitled to put forward legislative initiatives. Among these laws, those dealing with supporting the economy and domestic businesses against the backdrop of sanctions were a priority for us. Of course, about 80 of them were laws dealing with major social issues – we adopted them in execution of the instructions you issued in your Address to the Federal Assembly to set in law your initiatives on supporting families with children and people in general. Overall, I can say that despite all the challenges, people have been able to benefit from social guarantees in full, and not a single national project was suspended. As the chair of the Council for the Implementation of State Policy in the Sphere of Protecting Family and Children, I keep a close eye on these matters together with my colleagues. Almost 2.5 trillion rubles from the budget has been earmarked for children. This has never happened before, and make no mistake, people can feel the difference. The second priority for us was adopting laws that support participants in the special military operation and their family members. We adopted around 60 laws and worked promptly, ensuring a fast response to the issues that arise. Your initiative to establish the National Fund for Special Military Operation Participants and their Families along with branches of the fund in Russian regions turned out to be a very timely and helpful decision. I visited some of these centres: these are universal one-stop shops where any participant in the special military operation or member of their family can receive advice, help and support without unnecessary red tape. Governors put their hearts into this job. The centres have nice functional interiors; they are comfortable, and they have a very friendly atmosphere. The number of complaints or loose ends has decreased. The fund is very productive. In general, you know that, in addition to federal support measures, every region has its own programmes supporting participants in the special military operation. The approach here is informal too, people work wholeheartedly. Senators representing regions are directly involved in these efforts. Another priority for us during this session was adopting laws concerning integration of the new constituent entities into Russia’ legal, economic and social framework. I know that you personally monitor this issue. A substantial number of laws have been adopted although the process is not quite finished. Mr President, I would like to propose establishing a council on integration of new regions under the Federation Council. What do I mean? What responsibilities will this council fulfil? As a matter of fact, when it comes to legislation and regulatory acts, these regions lack experience, and the work has to be started from scratch. In September, they will elect regional parliaments. It is important that the laws they will adopt comply with the Constitution and Russian laws. On the other hand, the council may be responsible for parliamentary control of the essential matters for these territories. We have similar past experience: for example, we have a designated council on the development of the timber industry. We also have a council on regional healthcare. We always put an emphasis on regional issues, and this is how many issues have been resolved. Take, for example, Crimea and Sevastopol. What Ukraine left in Crimea and Sevastopol in terms of healthcare, is beyond discussion. We decided to take care of licensing healthcare facilities. The process was complicated but to date, more than 70 percent of healthcare facilities in Crimea and Sevastopol have a licence. We also extended the deadline. I think the work will be completed by the end of next year. If you support this idea, we will certainly get this done and will provide support to the new regional parliaments. To be continued. Topics Armed Forces Children Construction industry Great Patriotic War Healthcare Regions Social services 3 more Persons Matviyenko Valentina Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: August 1, 2023, 14:10 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71880 Text version