Events Meeting with Stavropol Territory Governor Vladimir Vladimirov At the end of his trip to the North Caucasus Federal District, Vladimir Putin held a working meeting with Governor of the Stavropol Territory Vladimir Vladimirov. December 5, 2023 21:05 Pyatigorsk Mr Vladimirov Vladimirov Vladimir Governor of Stavropol Territory reported that the region was a leader in many areas: growth in construction, “green” energy, and record harvest this year, including 600,000 tonnes of potatoes. The amount of open and protected ground vegetables produced has increased. The Stavropol Territory came first among Russian regions in terms of tomato production. According to the Governor, after the 2014 crisis, when the first sanctions were imposed, a resolution was issued in Russia on preferential lending, and many entrepreneurs allocated almost a trillion rubles for the development of agriculture. During this time, the region has seen two-and-a-half-fold growth in agriculture, with a 40 percent increase over the last six years. The Governor spoke about the region’s representation at the Russia International Exhibition and Forum in Moscow. The Stavropol Territory’s display has already been visited by 800,000 people. The discussion also touched upon the plans to produce satellites, the first of which with 0.5 metre image resolution will be put into orbit in December. Work on the cameras is being carried out jointly with the People's Republic of China. In 2025, production of seven satellites will begin. The manufacturing facilities are being established in Stavropol and Nevinnomyssk. Moreover, the Russian localisation of the component base amounts to 95 percent. The owner is Stilsoft, which specialises in the production of security systems, including border security systems for the Russian Federal Security Service. The company also supplies its security systems to countries in Southeast Asia. The Governor also briefed the President about the plans to further develop the Mashuk All-Russian Educational Centre for training awareness-raising and managements teams in the sphere of education, youth policy, and educational work. See also Trip to Stavropol Territory December 5, 2023 Geography Stavropol Territory Topics Regions Persons Vladimirov Vladimir Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: December 5, 2023, 21:05 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72915 Text version