Events Meeting with Commissioner for Children’s Rights Maria Lvova-Belova Vladimir Putin had a meeting with Presidential Commissioner for Children’s Rights Maria Lvova-Belova. May 31, 2024 15:35 The Kremlin, Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Ms Lvova-Belova, we are meeting on the eve of Children’s Day. There is nothing more important than children, not only for any family, but also for the state. You are doing a very important and noble work. Where do we start? Presidential Commissioner for Children’s Rights Maria Lvova-Belova Lvova-Belova Maria Presidential Commissioner for Children’s Rights : Mr President, I am very pleased to see you. Vladimir Putin: Thank you. Maria Lvova-Belova: Allow me to report on the office’s performance and share a few proposals we have prepared. I would like to sincerely thank you for the Year of the Family project and for your executive order on supporting large families. In fact, we are now witnessing the revival of large families spanning several generations in Russia. This is the ultimate goal guiding our efforts across the board, both within government bodies and society as a whole. The office of the Children’s Rights Commissioner focuses on the family by definition, because we understand better than most that a family is the most important thing a child can have. My team has travelled extensively throughout the country. In every region, I made an effort to meet with large families. I inaugurated the Year of the Family project in the Nenets Autonomous Area, where I visited a chum that is home to a large family with ten children and ten grandchildren. Their everyday life is amazing, and I believe we have much to learn from them. They always help and support each other. The boys herd the reindeer, and the girls help the adults in the chum. They know that there is no other way to survive in the tundra. Vladimir Putin: How can one chum have enough space for so many people? Maria Lvova-Belova: It is true that they all live in one chum. That left a lasting impression on me. During a meeting with large families in the Tambov Region, I was approached by a mother of many children, whose eldest child has a disability and uses distance learning. Mr President, according to the relevant executive order, her son will be entitled to his official disability status until the age of 23, but only if he is a full-time student. However, we both realise that physically attending school can be challenging for young people with disabilities. Therefore, I believe it would be fair to extend the eligibility for these children until the age of 23 without the full-time education requirement, so that this family can retain their status until the boy turns 23 regardless of the format of schooling. Vladimir Putin: This makes sense, especially if a person is unable to attend classes in person. Maria Lvova-Belova: Yes, exactly. Vladimir Putin: All right, good. I agree. Maria Lvova-Belova: Domestic tourism is actively developing in our country, and our large families would like to travel as well. But we understand that our hospitality services are not always ready for accommodating families with many children. Take our hotels, for example: it is quite difficult to comfortably accommodate a family with five children even in two rooms. Therefore, we propose establishing a badge of quality for accommodating large families in the hospitality industry. This would allow us to see where large families can travel and where they would be welcome, as well as adjust our hospitality infrastructure to the needs of large families. Vladimir Putin: Agreed. Maria Lvova-Belova: Mr President, people are seeking our assistance more and more often. The number of such applications increased by 21 percent to 14,587 last year. We regard this as a mark of public recognition and trust, which comes with a high level of responsibility. I would also like to add that we received 3,500 applications for targeted humanitarian assistance from our new regions. Vladimir Putin: A growth of 21 percent, you said? Maria Lvova-Belova: Yes, and we hope that this indicates public trust. Every time we travel to the regions, we focus our attention on the families which are facing the removal of a child, especially a small child who is in great need of love and care. We are grateful to you for supporting our initiative to prevent social orphanhood among children aged up to four years. We have launched it in 14 pilot regions, where we did our best to help return children from orphanages to their families or to prevent children from being sent to orphanages from problem families. We have created a system with services and clubs where such parents can turn for support, as well as consult specialists. But the main task is to change our mentality, Mr President. Removing a child from the family should be the last resort. We must take every possible measure to save families. In the past nine months, as many as 1,411 kids have been placed with families, mostly their own families, and only a small number of children have been placed in foster families. The number of children living at orphanages simultaneously has decreased by 18 percent. We are currently monitoring 4,500 families in the pilot regions. According to our information, there are 58,000 children in our orphanages, including 32,000 orphans, while the rest have living parents. But the number can rise above 200,000 if we include the children who are living in problem families, where their health and lives can be at risk. Consequently, we understand that the issue of social orphanhood calls for deeper analysis and more attention. If we look at history, we will see that in the 1990s our main task was to remove children from the streets and to place them in orphanages. In the 2000s, we focused on placing them in foster families; there was a special programme for this. I believe that the time has come for us to shift our focus to biological families and to start working actively towards this end. Mr President, speaking of the economy, I visit regions, and the annual costs of supporting one child at an orphanage are at least 1.2 million rubles. Some regions spend 3.5 million rubles. In effect, we realise that huge expenses are incurred. Each child is eligible for social guarantees, including a flat, free tuition, social benefits and so on. At the same time, a child remains an orphan without near and dear people. In some cases, a family, in fact, needs very little assistance. I arrived in one of the regions, and I saw three children at a local orphanage. I learned that their mother was living in the countryside at a home with a defunct stove. The authorities took her children to the orphanage, and they have been living there for four months already. They have spent over one million rubles on them to date, and that stove costs 90,000 rubles. Mr President, this is not right, and it is our task to do everything possible for supporting the family and preventing this. We have already intervened, the children have reunited with their mother, the stove has been fixed, and we continue to address this situation. Mr President, considering the fact that … Vladimir Putin: I wonder, where did this happen? Maria Lvova-Belova: I am not very eager to let that region down. Vladimir Putin: Look, these are not jokes, and this is a disgrace. Maria Lvova-Belova: Mr President, in reality, this practice is commonplace. Vladimir Putin: Tell me, where did this happen? Maria Lvova-Belova: This happened in the Krasnoyarsk Territory. Vladimir Putin: All right. Maria Lvova-Belova: We agreed with the newly-appointed governor that he would address this matter, and that we would change the system completely. They have now appointed a commission there after my visit, and after we exposed such cases. This is not a violation, Mr President. A child may be staying at an orphanage, due to problems in his or her family. Also, the administration of an orphanage and guardianship agencies have committed no violations. Vladimir Putin: The agencies should have contacted local authorities. Instead of taking the children away, the latter should have responded accordingly. Maria Lvova-Belova: Of course, this is important, and we need to attend to this very important matter. The Governor and I have conceived an ambitious project for preventing social orphanage. To prevent a repetition of such incidents anywhere and seeing the results of our programme for little children, I would like to ask you to approve the expansion of this programme, so that it would assume a nationwide scale, and to increase the age limit of children to 18 years where they run the risk of ending up at orphanages. There is another important aspect I wanted to highlight. Regions diverge in terms of their practice in applying the law, as well as in terms of subordination and the way their ministries and agencies coordinate their efforts. There is also a disparity in terms of the statistics, budgets and staffing. This means that every region sings its own tune. This is a matter of grave concern for me. But when we started looking into these matters, it turned out that every agency pursues its own objectives. Let me give you an example. We came to a region and headed to an admissions department in an infant orphanage. There was a newborn who just arrived there. “What happened to the baby?” I asked. This was the response I got from the staff members: “Our task is to look after children and take care of them.” I said: “Fine, let’s refer this question to the guardianship and custodianship services, the social services. What’s going on with the baby and her family?” “The mother is going to give up this child because there are some health problems.” I also asked healthcare institutions about what was going on with the child and the family. “We do not know anything about the family, but the child does have health problems,” they said. We asked the mother to come and see us. She was from a rural area and had two children already. Nothing extraordinary about her. “I gave birth to a child with a deficiency – she lacks the ear auricle,” she said. We were all sitting there, and I said: “What kind of ear do you want for your baby? Do you want a big one, or a smaller one, or maybe an elf ear?” She looked at me, perplexed: “Can we actually do that?” We took them on board and reached out to the relevant specialists. The Russian Children’s Clinical Hospital performed the prosthetic surgery and now the baby is on her way back home to be with her older brothers. This is just to say that every institution has its own functions but together, they fail to focus on what families actually need. Vladimir Putin : They lack coordination. Maria Lvova-Belova : Indeed. Mr President, you have been raising this issue all the time. The custodianship services took the child from the family, deprived it of its parental rights and stated lack of proper housing and poverty as the reason for doing this. What a stone-age approach. This should have never happened. And why do they need to take away children if a family experiences housing problems? Why not offer it temporary housing or launch a renting programme, all while working with the family and investing in it? There is also the staffing issue. Mr President, in one case, there were as many as 85 employees serving five children. It goes without saying that they were not interested in transferring these children back to their families. Of course, they were willing to go to great lengths to retain them because this is the role the state assigned to them. Therefore, Mr President, I think that it is high time that we put all these things straight and address these issues. I am ready to contribute to this effort. May I ask you to instruct us to undertake a national audit of the child protection services, the commissions on minors and prevention services? We will need a year to draft a report and put forward proposals on reforming this system. Vladimir Putin : You can raise this issue with the Presidential Executive Office. And I will issue a separate instruction to this effect. Maria Lvova-Belova : Thank you so much. Mr President, we will clean up these Augean stables once and for all. We cannot carry on this way, can we? Vladimir Putin : We must move in this direction, to say the least. Maria Lvova-Belova : We must give it a try, of course. Vladimir Putin : Very well. To be continued. Topics Children Disabled individuals Regions Social services Persons Lvova-Belova Maria Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts , Executive Office Publication date: May 31, 2024, 15:35 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74189 Text version