Events On October 22–24, the President will take part in the BRICS Summit in Kazan Vladimir Putin will participate in the 16 th BRICS Summit in Kazan, scheduled for October 22–24, under the chairmanship of Russia. The summit is themed Strengthening Multilateralism for Just Global Development and Security. Announcement, October 22 − 24, 2024 Add to Calendar Calendars Yandex iCal Google During meetings held in both restricted and expanded formats, the BRICS leaders will exchange views on pressing issues on the global and regional agenda. They will discuss the three main pillars of cooperation identified by the Russian chairmanship: politics and security, the economy and finance, and cultural and humanitarian ties. Particular attention will be given to the potential expansion of BRICS through the proposed establishment of a new category of ”partner nations.“ Reports will also be delivered by the chairpersons of the New Development Bank, the Business Council, the Interbank Cooperation Mechanism, and the Women's Business Alliance. The outcomes of these discussions will be summarised in the Kazan Summit Declaration. On the final day of the summit, a BRICS Plus/Outreach format meeting will be convened, with representatives from nearly forty countries in attendance. Among them are leaders from the CIS, delegations from numerous Asian, African, Middle Eastern, and Latin American countries, as well as heads of executive bodies from various international organisations. The agenda includes discussions on pressing international issues, with a particular focus on the escalating situation in the Middle East and interactions between the BRICS countries and the Global South in the interests of sustainable development. Vladimir Putin will hold bilateral meetings with nearly all the leaders participating in the summit. Topics BRICS Foreign policy Publication status Published in sections: News , Announcements Publication date: October 21, 2024, 12:55 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75359 Text version