Events Greetings to the Ministerial Conference of the Russia–Africa Partnership Forum Vladimir Putin sent greetings to participants of the first ministerial conference of the Russia–Africa Partnership Forum, held in accordance with a decision adopted at the 2023 Russia–Africa Summit in St Petersburg. November 10, 2024 09:15 The message reads, in part: “African countries enjoy a growing prestige on the international stage. By pursuing a constructive and peace-loving foreign policy, they are playing an increasingly important role in addressing major international matters. For its part, Russia attaches particular importance to strengthening traditionally friendly relations with its African partners. We are united by our aspiration to building a just multipolar world order based on genuine equality and the rule of international law, free from any form of discrimination, dictate and sanctions pressure. Cooperation between the Russian Federation and African states is becoming increasingly robust and diverse, as evidenced by the detailed programme of the ministerial conference. Over the course of two days, the heads of foreign policy agencies will discuss various aspects of implementing the Action Plan for the Partnership Forum for 2023–2026 and will identify new promising areas for mutually beneficial cooperation. I want to reaffirm that our country will continue to provide comprehensive assistance to our African partners across a wide range of sectors. This includes supporting sustainable development, combating terrorism and extremism, preventing epidemic diseases, resolving food security issues, and disaster relief efforts. I hope that the conference will be successful and productive, and that the agreements reached will further enhance the full spectrum of Russian-African relations for the benefit of our nations.” Topics Foreign policy Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: November 10, 2024, 09:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75531 Text version