Events Meeting with President of Tajikistan Emomali Rahmon In the Leningrad Region, Vladimir Putin held talks with President of the Republic of Tajikistan Emomali Rahmon, who is in Russia on a working visit. December 24, 2024 21:15 Leningrad Region President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr Rahmon, I am very pleased to welcome you to St Petersburg for a bilateral meeting. Tomorrow, we will meet in an expanded format with all the CIS leaders present. It will be our New Year’s Eve meeting. As previously agreed, we will hold bilateral talks to discuss the entire range of our relations today. Our relations are constructive and are advancing at a good pace. Tajikistan is our reliable ally and a good economic partner. The Russian Federation ranks first among Tajikistan’s trade and economic partners and second in terms of investment. Last year, the amount of investment was up, and this year it will increase – albeit slightly – but it will still increase. The intergovernmental commission met not long ago. From our side, Deputy Prime Minister [Marat Khusnullin] is heading it, and from your side, the Prime Minister of Tajikistan. A plan of our joint work for the next few years has been put together. I am sure this plan will be carried out. The plan outlines promising areas of cooperation, which have not been chosen accidentally. Everything that has been prepared by the governments of our two countries is designed to go beyond fostering our relations, and includes implementing the projects, which Tajikistan, as a country with a rapidly growing and developing economy, has an interest in. We welcome all your endeavours and celebrate your successes. See also All news about the trip to Northwestern Federal District. Informal CIS Summit and meeting of Supreme Eurasian Economic Council December 24 − 26, 2024 I would also like to note that we attach great importance to interregional cooperation. Many regions of Tajikistan and Russian regions maintain direct relations, which significantly boosts our bilateral ties. The humanitarian contacts are expanding as well. And here I would like to call attention to the branches of Russian universities operating in Tajikistan and to the fact that Tajikistanis enjoys the largest quota – 1,000 students – for education in the Russian Federation, which we never stop to increase and are prepared to do so again soon. With your direct participation and at your request, several schools with the Russian language classes have opened in Tajikistan, which is a very interesting and promising area. International security cooperation with Tajikistan as our closest ally continues in a very trust-based and constructive manner. Mr Rahmon, we are delighted to see you on a working visit to Russia. Welcome! President of Tajikistan Emomali Rahmon: Mr Putin, Thank you for the invitation and warm welcome. My best wishes to you as we approach the New Year. I wish you good health and new successes in your endeavours. The outgoing year was quite eventful for our relations. Russia is Tajikistan’s main trade and economic partner, trade has increased by almost 20 percent, and cultural and humanitarian ties are expanding. I am prepared to discuss with you these and other matters, as well as international and regional, as well as security issues. Russia is Tajikistan’s key strategic partner, and we are satisfied overall with the dynamics of our relations across all areas. We appreciate your support in the humanitarian sphere and your allocating funds for the construction of a school for gifted children in Dushanbe, and the Mayakovsky Drama Theatre. This is critically important for us. Vladimir Putin: The Year of Cinema has just ended. Emomali Rahmon: Thank you for providing assistance to Russian language teachers and providing schools with supplies and equipment. I think we will look back on the year today and tomorrow. There are things to discuss, especially regional and global security. You are aware of Tajikistan’s geographical location and the kind of issues it is facing. Once again, I wish you good health and the people of Russia prosperity and peace. Vladimir Putin: Thank you very much. You mentioned schools and teachers: 72 Russian teachers are working in Tajikistan now. Next year, there will be 82 of them. I am aware of the fact that you criticise us for providing too few Russian teachers and not enough textbooks. I fully agree with you, and we will certainly ramp up our joint work in this area. Emomali Rahmon: Here [at Russian schools] the institution itself teaches Russian language. Overall, the Russian language is studied at almost 4,500 secondary schools. We have our own teachers, but they should take refresher courses and improve their skills. Vladimir Putin: We will do just that. Thank you very much. <…> Geography Tajikistan Topics Foreign policy Persons Rahmon Emomali Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: December 24, 2024, 21:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75940 Text version