Events Greetings to the National Forum History for the Future: The Russian Spring Vladimir Putin sent greetings to the participants and guests of the National Forum History for the Future: The Russian Spring. May 28, 2024 19:00 The message reads, in part: “I wholeheartedly welcome you to the National Forum of the Russian Military Historical Society History for the Future: The Russian Spring, which is being held for the first time in our historical territories that have reunited with their family. The establishment of the Donetsk and Lugansk people’s republics ten years ago was a truly life-changing event. The nationalists who seized power in Kiev tried to force people to abandon their roots, culture and traditions. But you have not forgotten your history or betrayed your grandfathers and great-grandfathers, and in September 2022, you declared your firm and uncompromising decision to be together with Russia. It is symbolic that the young people of Donbass have also chosen a common future. Today, all our people are sincerely and wholeheartedly helping Donbass. They are fighting in the special military operation to defend your lives, freedom and security. Despite the complicated situation, challenges and difficulties, we are building and renovating roads, houses, schools, hospitals and outpatient clinics, and revitalising industrial and agricultural facilities. Your regions are gradually being integrated into the common socioeconomic and legal space of Russia. These extensive and tireless efforts are based on our sincere love for the Motherland, our common historical memory and our commitment to the unwavering values of the continuity of generations. I have no doubt that your forum will be held at a high organisational and creative level and will promote the education of our young people on the traditions of patriotism, civic consciousness and responsibility for the future of our Fatherland, as well as pride for the achievements of our forefathers.” Topics Regions Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: May 28, 2024, 19:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74136 Text version