Events Working meeting with Ruslan Kukharuk Vladimir Putin had a working meeting with Ruslan Kukharuk during which he proposed Mr Kukharuk to assume the post of Acting Governor of the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Area – Yugra. May 30, 2024 12:30 The Kremlin, Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Good afternoon. Mr Kukharuk, you were born in the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Area, and have worked all your life in Tyumen. The people of Tyumen have supported you twice during mayoral elections, when they chose the head of the municipal administration. I would like to propose that you assume the post of Governor of the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Area. It is your homeland. I hope that in this high post you will be able to make use of all the achievements you scored during your work in Tyumen. See also Executive Order on the Acting Governor of the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Area – Yugra May 30, 2024 What will be your most important objectives in your new position? Ruslan Kukharuk: Mr President, thank you very much for your trust and for this opportunity to serve as Governor of the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Area – Yugra. Indeed, it has become a very serious strategic region, and it is making a substantial contribution to the national economy. Of course, our top priority objective is to maintain the pace of development. I believe that it is possible to expand some spheres even further. First of all, I believe that we need to prioritise the residents’ living conditions. We need to relocate people from rundown and dilapidated housing and to address current issues linked with the creation of a comfortable and people-friendly urban environment. People living in the North should not feel disadvantaged. As co-chairman of the Russian Association for the Development of Local Self-Government, I would like to thank you on behalf of the entire municipal community. You supported this initiative, which was advanced by the heads of municipalities and by our people, and you decided to continue a programme for establishing a comfortable and people-friendly urban environment. Undoubtedly, all of us, not just government agencies, but all people, prioritise support for those who are defending our country in the special military operation. This, of course, includes the families of our service personnel. The Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Area – Yugra is the patron region of the Donetsk People’s Republic and the city of Makeyevka. Today, we are interacting very closely in order to rebuild utility, social and transport infrastructure facilities. Of course, we must continue this work. Speaking of our plans, the new executive order on our country’s national development goals is our guiding document today. As I see it, it is necessary to interact closely with federal agencies and ministries in this work in order to fully accomplish specific tasks under national projects and while formulating new programmes until 2030–2036. Vladimir Putin: Good. I wish you every success and good luck in your new position that carries extra responsibilities. Ruslan Kukharuk: Thank you very much, Mr President. Vladimir Putin: I wish you all the best. <…> Geography Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Area — Yugra Topics Regions Persons Kukharuk Ruslan Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: May 30, 2024, 12:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74175 Text version