Events Meeting with Head of the Republic of Sakha (Yakutia) Aisen Nikolayev During his trip to Yakutia, Vladimir Putin had a working meeting with Head of the Republic Aisen Nikolayev. June 18, 2024 14:25 Yakutsk Aisen Nikolayev reported to the President that the industrial growth in the republic in the five months of 2024 stood at 9.7 percent compared to last year, and the GRP grew by 5.6 percent. Coal production is growing whereas gold, diamond, oil and gas production rates are stable. In the first quarter, investments grew by 4.5 percent in comparable prices. The main investments are in the extractive industries. These include investments both from large state-owned companies such as Gazprom, Rosneft, and private companies Elgaugol, Nordgold for gold, and Polymetal. According to Aisen Nikolayev, all of this resulted in the confident execution of the last year’s budget: 269 billion rubles of the republic’s consolidated budget, tax and non-tax revenues. Of course, this ensures good results in the social sphere and in people’s lives. Aisen Nikolayev also said that, unfortunately, the unemployment rate remained significant in the republic, yet it is still at its historical low of 5.4 percent. See also All news about the trip to Yakutsk June 18, 2024 A programme was developed to fight poverty in the next five years, aiming at halving poverty in the republic and reducing it by three times among large families. Vladimir Putin noted that the republic’s demographic indicators were better than the national average. Aisen Nikolayev also told the President about the improvement of social infrastructure: 329 facilities were commissioned in 2018–2023. This year, 76 facilities are to be launched, including a interuniversity campus, the Arctic Centre for Epos and Arts, and the State Philharmonic Hall. The Point of the Future educational complex is a unique private project which is being built entirely at the expense of Elgaugol a private investor. The head of the republic also noted that, like elsewhere in the country, Yakutia understands that victory in the special military operation is today’s priority. A total of about 9.5 billion rubles were allocated for support measures for military personnel and their family members. To be continued. Geography Republic of Sakha (Yakutia) Topics Economy and finance Regions Social services Persons Nikolayev Aisen Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: June 18, 2024, 14:25 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74323 Text version