Events Meeting with Head of the Republic of Mordovia Artem Zdunov The President held a working meeting with Head of the Republic of Mordovia Artem Zdunov who briefed to the President on the socioeconomic situation in the republic. August 1, 2024 13:15 The Kremlin, Moscow Vladimir Putin started the meeting by noting that the industrial output in the republic had grown by eight percent last year as compared to the national average of 3.5 percent. The agricultural output is even larger compared to national average. The Head of Mordovia began his report by discussing the support for the special military operation, the servicemen and their families which is a priority, noting that the manufacturing industry, the agriculture, all sectors and the Defenders of the Fatherland Foundation were involved in fulfilling this priority goal, adding that medical, emergency and construction teams from Mordovia operated in the Kherson Region on a permanent basis. Next, Mr Zdunov Zdunov Artem Head of the Republic of Mordovia informed the President about bringing the financial discipline in the republic up to standard. Three years ago, the sovereign debt was more than double the republic’s own revenue, whereas now the revenue exceeds the sovereign debt. For the first time in many years, the Finance Ministry has recognised the republic’s financial management as compliant with the code. Salaries in the manufacturing industry are up, and last year the republic even registered an inflow of migrant workforce. People are coming in lured by new investment projects. According to the Head of the republic, this year’s industrial production index already stands at 112.5 percent. Artem Zdunov noted that the Russian Government made two major decisions in 2023. First, to expand the Ruzayevka priority social and economic development area, the largest railway hub in the Volga Region. Second, to create Sistema special economic zone with areas such as radio electronics, lighting engineering, and optical fiber. Mordovia is the only fiber producer in the EAEU. Ensuring technological sovereignty is the main objective in the optical fiber industry, because market players are scarce. That includes broadband internet and continuous communication which means a second plant must be built, which, according to the Head of Mordovia, requires the support of the President and the Government. This issue is being addressed with the involvement of the Ministry of Industry and Trade and the Finance Ministry. The Russian Academy of Sciences has been engaged as well, because this project relies on scientific competencies. The discussion also touched upon the production of carriages and refrigerators in the region, which are superior to the foreign-made analogues and can carry cargoes that include highly hazardous substances and LNG over long distances for up to 60 days. Mr Zdunov updated the President on the pharmaceutical industry as well. New medicines, mostly essential ones, are being rolled out. Eighty percent of medications produced by Biokhimik are used to fight cancer, tumours, and obesity, to name a few. The President emphasised that cancer treatment was a matter of special attention, since cancer incidence in Mordovia is higher than the national average. Artem Zdunov noted that after a cancer detection centre had been built on the President’s instruction, the detection rate, especially of the initial-stage cancer, went up dramatically and many lives had been saved. He also submitted a request to complete the construction of a treatment and rehabilitation hospital. Sustainable growth in the production of meat, milk, sugar in the agro-industrial complex was discussed as well. Mordovia is among the five regions that produce organic food exported to ten countries, five of which are OIC (Organisation of Islamic Cooperation) countries. Artem Zdunov went on saying that 38 schools had been renovated over the past two years, new summer recreation camps for children were being built, and an unmatched healthy nutrition centre was in operation. Mordovia is the venue for the All-Russian conference on school nutrition. Answering the President’s question, Mr Zdunov described the organisation of children’s recreational activities. Demographics, the need to upgrade public transit system, municipal roads and the sewage system were listed among the problems the republic was facing. Mr Zdunov said the number of doctors in Mordovia was traditionally higher than the national average, adding that the university would receive a clinical base to be used for supporting the military and their families, their recovery, adaptation and rehabilitation. It will be a major centre. The Head of Mordovia also spoke about the Sanaksar Monastery which is the resting place for the outstanding Russian naval commander, Admiral Fyodor Ushakov (1745–1817), who was canonised by the Russian Orthodox Church. The President issued an instruction to create a single federal pilgrimage and tourist cluster named “Sarov – Diveyevo – Arzamas – Sanaksar” which will have Mordovia build a road leading to the monastery. Geography Republic of Mordovia Topics Agriculture Children Healthcare Industry Regions School Social services 3 more Persons Zdunov Artem Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: August 1, 2024, 13:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74690 Text version