Events Greetings to Fifth Russian Energy Week International Forum Vladimir Putin sent a message of greetings to the participants, organisers and guests of the Fifth Russian Energy Week International Forum. October 10, 2022 09:00 President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Dear friends, I am pleased to welcome you to the Russian Energy Week International Forum. Russia occupies a strong position among the world energy leaders and is well known as a reliable and responsible exporter of energy resources. Despite the unprecedented pressure that is being exerted on our country, which has been going on for a number of years already, we are fulfilling our obligations, and we seek to conclude long-term mutually beneficial contracts. Per tradition, government officials, entrepreneurs, and experts from numerous countries around the world gather together in Moscow to analyse the current situation in the global energy sector, share forecasts for the future, and, most importantly, find solutions to the most pressing problems. The business programme will allow for discussions about the pressing issues facing the energy community and a thorough review of such significant themes as global markets, the climate agenda, technological sovereignty, and digital transformation. During industry-specific meetings, roundtable discussions, and seminars, the best experts will speak in detail about important innovations in the fuel and energy industry and the social sector. The development of energy markets directly depends on constructive cooperation among nations. For this reason, we will continue diversifying energy supplies, modernizing the fuel and energy industry, attracting investments, and launching new projects, including the deep processing of raw materials. And of course, as at previous forums, this year the Global Energy International Prize will be awarded for outstanding research, scientific, and technological achievements that help to increase the efficiency and environmental safety of energy sources for the benefit of all mankind. I am certain that this Forum will best be remembered for its interesting discussions and that the ideas, initiatives, and recommendations expressed during it will be in high demand on a practical level. I wish you productive interaction and success. Topics Energy Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: October 10, 2022, 09:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69564 Text version