Events Meeting with Governor of the Yamal-Nenets Autonomous Area Dmitry Artyukhov The President met with Governor of the Yamal-Nenets Autonomous Area Dmitry Artyukhov to discuss the region’s current socioeconomic performance and its further development. April 25, 2023 13:30 The Kremlin, Moscow The Governor began his report with measures to support families of the military, including free travel for children to summer camps, free medicines and, most importantly, personal attention from the local authorities. He also mentioned assistance for the sponsored Volnovakha district in the Donetsk People's Republic, which he said was like returning a debt, since people from across the Soviet Union, including from Donbass, contributed to the development of Yamal. The main sites that are receiving assistance include kindergartens, schools and a hospital campus. According to the region’s head, 2022 was a mixed year in terms of key economic indicators. The volume of gas production fell due to the geopolitical situation, but revenue was up due to unusually high gas prices. According to the Governor, natural population growth, which is a key integral indicator, is the region’s most outstanding achievement. A strong economy and northerners’ high income levels encourage them to plan large families. The number of large families has tripled in recent years. They also discussed healthcare, relocation of residents from dilapidated and unsafe housing, construction of schools and kindergartens, creation of an Arctic research station, as well as development of culture and sports infrastructure and creation of proper living conditions for the indigenous peoples of the north. Dmitry Artyukhov said the Northern Latitudinal Railway was a special project, the main components of which have been developed. The 2.5 kilometre bridge across the Ob River is the most difficult project, which is being built by the team that worked on the Crimean Bridge and knows how to deal with daunting engineering challenges. According to the Governor, access to the Port of Sabetta is the next goal. Gazprom built a railway to Bovanenkovo. There are 170 kilometres more to go, and Russia will have another Arctic port with rail access. In fact, it will be the easternmost port in the Arctic. Dmitry Artyukhov thanked the President for supporting the celebration of the 50 th anniversary of the gas capital, Novy Urengoy, in 2025. There are many plans in this regard. Preparations for the anniversary are underway. A new airport in Novy Urengoy was the first project. The terminal is fully built and air services are available. Overall, Mr Artyukhov stressed, affordable flights are what the people in the north need. The number of destinations is expanding, and passengers can now fly to Novosibirsk, Omsk, and other places where their relatives live. There are subsidies to make fares more affordable. The Governor also mentioned additional opportunity available at traditional gas extraction sites. Sure enough, new major projects are making headway deeper into the Arctic, even to the shelf in some places. But there are still many resources in the traditional Nadym-Pur-Taz region where urban areas, roads, utilities and airports have been built. Accessing these resources may require different technologies or special tax incentives, but the resources are there below the surface, and using them is important. A programme to that effect is being drafted. The reserves are large. According to estimates, the region could add – in the long run, 20 to 30 years – up to 2 trillion cubic metres of gas to the production volumes. Dmitry Artyukhov also informed the President that his term of office as Governor expires this year, and he will seek nomination in the upcoming election. The President supported the head of the region and wished him success. Geography Yamal-Nenets Autonomous Area Topics Construction industry Economy and finance Environment Regions Science and innovation Social services Transport 3 more Persons Artyukhov Dmitry Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: April 25, 2023, 13:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70981 Text version