Events Meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi Vladimir Putin met with Director of the Office of the Foreign Affairs Commission of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the People’s Republic of China Wang Yi. September 12, 2024 13:00 St Petersburg From the Russian side, the meeting was attended by Secretary of the Security Council Sergei Shoigu Shoigu Sergei Secretary of the Russian Federation Security Council . * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr Wang Yi, I am delighted to meet with you again. A year ago, we met here in St Petersburg, when consultations were held through the Security Council and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. I am looking forward to seeing our and my friend, Chairman of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping Xi Jinping President of People's Republic of China , at the BRICS summit in Kazan, as we agreed. Please convey my best wishes to him. See also Meeting with BRICS high-ranking officials responsible for security matters September 12, 2024 The comprehensive partnership and strategic cooperation between Russia and China have been mutually beneficial and equitable for many years. On October 2, we will celebrate the 75 th anniversary of diplomatic relations between our nations. Together, Russia and China defend the principles of a just and democratic world order based on international law, sovereignty, and equality. This approach is also supported by the like-minded nations of the Global South, the Global Majority, as demonstrated during the recent BRICS summit. As you know, we have just discussed this with our colleagues responsible for security matters. We will also engage in BRICS Outreach and BRICS Plus formats. Many countries that share our views on the world order are eager to join and collaborate with this organisation. We will work diligently to prepare the necessary decisions in this area based on consensus, as is customary in our interactions. Regarding our bilateral relations, they are progressing well across all areas. This includes our coordination on the international stage as well as our economic, cultural, and humanitarian interactions. These topics will continue to be on our agenda and will be discussed with the Chairman of the People’s Republic of China during both the multilateral and bilateral meetings in Kazan. Thank you once again for your participation in today’s events. Director of the Office for Foreign Affairs of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee, Foreign Minister of the People’s Republic of China Wang Yi (retranslated) : Mr President, thank you for today’s meeting. Allow me to once again convey the warmest greetings and best wishes from your friend, President of China Xi Jinping. There is deep mutual trust and friendship between you and the President, and together, you consistently set the strategic direction for China-Russia relations. Under your leadership, the strong momentum in China-Russia relations has been maintained, making both countries key contributors to strengthening multilateralism on the global stage. As you mentioned earlier, we are continuously achieving new results in all areas of cooperation, for the benefit of our nations. During my visit to St Petersburg, I took part in a meeting of high-ranking representatives responsible for security matters within BRICS. Another important task of mine is to prepare for the upcoming visit of President Xi Jinping to Kazan for the BRICS summit. The President is delighted to accept your invitation for the summit in Kazan, where he looks forward to further in-depth discussions on strategic matters. Today, we have a very good opportunity for me to personally hear your valuable insights, which I will fully report to our President. Thank you. <…> Geography People's Republic of China Topics Foreign policy Persons Shoigu Sergei Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: September 12, 2024, 13:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75087 Text version