Events Meeting with mothers of military personnel – participants in the special military operation Vladimir Putin met with mothers of military personnel – participants in the special military operation. The meeting took place in Novo-Ogaryovo. November 25, 2022 17:30 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Good afternoon once again. As you know, the day after tomorrow Russia marks Mother’s Day. It is not some pompous noisy celebration but a day that is filled with special, very warm meaning and emphasises the attitude towards mothers inherent in all the peoples of Russia: respect, reverence, admiration. In this regard, of course, I would like to remember this. But I understand perfectly well that you, as well as so many other women in Russia whose sons are in the zone of hostilities, of course, have a different attitude to this event – not something that would be festive, but, most likely, associated with anxiety and worry, when you think about what is happening to your boys. After all, for a mother, no matter what age her son is, he is always a boy, always a child. And for those, including those of you who are here, and who have lost their sons, of course, this is also related to the thoughts of this tragedy. In this sense I would like to say… You know I do not have the heart to say formal standard things expressing condolences. But I want you to know that the entire leadership of the country and I personally, we share your pain. We understand that nothing can replace the loss of a son, a child. Especially for mothers, to whom we all owe our lives, who bore and fed us. I want you to know that we share this pain with you. And, of course, we will do our best, so that you do not feel forgotten, so that you feel the support. Obviously, life is more complicated and diverse than what they show on television screens or on the internet. One should not trust the internet completely because it is full of various fake stories, deception and lies. The internet is rife with information attacks because information is just another offensive weapon in the modern world, and information attacks are just another effective type of struggle. We have gathered here, and I have suggested this meeting because I wanted to listen to you and to hear your first-hand assessments: you also receive your information from there. I receive a lot of information from various sources, but your assessments, your opinion, ideas and proposals are an entirely different matter. I will try to make sure that everything we discuss today will be taken into account and used in real life. That is what I wanted to say in the beginning. Concluding my brief opening remarks, I would like to say what I have been talking about all the time. First of all, the family is the source of everything. The very fact that most of your children have decided to serve and protect our Homeland, our Motherland, Russia, to protect our people, including those in Novorossiya (New Russia) and Donbass, is also, doubtless, the result of your work. This is not the result of any exhortations or moral admonitions. This is the result of your personal example, and this will always be so. No matter what they say in school, although this is highly important, the personal example of a person’s parents influences the foundation of his or her self-awareness and his or her basic values. A personal example is the main, most important and most fundamental method of education and upbringing. Judging by the heroic behaviour of your children, and I wanted to discuss precisely this aspect, this, of course, is your tremendous contribution. This is your contribution, as well as that of your men, your husbands. This is always a two-sided process in every family. However, only they, the young men themselves, know that they are real heroes. Why so? This is because no one, except them and their immediate superiors, knows how difficult this work is, and how dangerous the risks to one’s life and health are. They alone feel and realise this. Sometimes I speak with them; I spoke with some of them on the telephone directly. In any event, I spoke with those who surprised me with their mood and their attitude towards work. They did not expect me to call them. By the way, these calls came through their mothers. This gives me every reason to say that they are heroes. This is true. This is what I wanted to say in the beginning. Let’s have a free discussion. As I have already said, I will certainly try to heed everything that you will say today. Please. Suna Nabiyeva : I am Suna Nabiyeva from Daghestan. My son, Enver, graduated from the Kazan Higher Tank Command School and is serving in Buryatia. He has been part of the SMO from the first days. He was wounded twice and stayed in a hospital. Upon recovery, he returned to his unit. Sometimes we talk by telephone. When he learned that I was going to meet you, he asked me to send his regards from all his fellow servicemen and say that they will do everything they must do. He said: “My grandfather and two great grandfathers fought in the Great Patriotic War, and I cannot let them down.” His soldiers on the frontline also often recall their grandfathers. They come from all over the country, from different republics. You said recently: “I am a Lakh, I am a Daghestani, I am a Chechen, Ingush, Russian, Tatar…” People in Daghestan heard this and it’s the right thing to say. Our family comes from the mountain village Dzhaba in the Akhtynsky District. We have a large multi-ethnic family. My mother-in-law is a mother-heroine; she has 12 children. I would like to thank you very much for introducing the high title of Mother Heroine. This is very important for the mothers of Daghestan and Russia. Vladimir Putin : Ms Nabiyeva, first, thank you very much for the words from your son. I asked from the very start to give our men the most accurate and objective information on the attitude of the country towards their fighting, the performing of their duty. I hope they will see this meeting, too. Modern technology makes it possible. Of course, radio communication poses a certain risk, and this is why it has certain restrictions, but they will hear it eventually, no doubt about it. So I would like them to see that a mother fulfilled the request of her son and that his greetings are gratefully accepted. For my part, I wish all the best to your son and his army mates. Suna Nabiyeva : Thank you very much. Vladimir Putin : When did he graduate from the command school? Suna Nabiyeva : In 2010. Vladimir Putin : I am sure that he is performing his duty well. This is only natural for all Russian soldiers, even more so for the warriors from the Caucasus, from Daghestan. People there are with a special character. I know this very well from 1999 and will never forget the days and months linked with the events in Daghestan. Daghestan is a multi-ethnic republic and Russia as a whole is a unique civilisation where people of different ethnic origins and various religions live side by side. A unique feature of this life is that over hundreds of years of co-existence, people not only found a common language but also learned to respect each other’s traditions and religions. They have learned to celebrate holidays together and to overcome times of trial together when they come. So, when I said the words that you just repeated I was simply talking from my heart – it is impossible to write them down, of course. I know this is how it is. I know that people do not divide themselves into separate castes or ethnic groups – all are equal, all help each other, realising that their lives depend on this mutual aid and support. This is a very important point. They are performing their service duty very well, as I have said. So, thank you very much, thank you for your son. Please give my best regards to him as well, to him and his comrades-in-arms, to all his subordinates. Suna Nabiyeva : Thank you. Nina Pshenichkina : Mr President, I am from the Lugansk People’s Republic, from the small city of Kirovsk. The city is on the frontline. We are fighting and we are restoring everything thanks to the Russian Federation. We are under the patronage of the Irkutsk Region, and they are now restoring 55 facilities. Recently, the governor visited us, my library, my school, and I was here. It is common knowledge now, but on September 30, we had a great, glorious event – we became Russian Federation regions, something first wave militia fighters were dreaming about. When my son joined an armed volunteer unit in 2014 he told me: “Mom, I am going to fight for Russia, I’m going to fight for the Russian world, I am going to fight for the Russian word, for Russian memory.” My father fought in the war from 1941 to 1945 and came home with Victory. We have waited for this event for a long time. It has been an uphill road; we have lost many people dear to us, but we did not lose hope that we would be in Russia and would return home. And now this joyful event has taken place. But my son, Konstantin Pshenichkin, was killed in a morning battle, defending the city. It so happened that the enemy came very close to their position. He jumped out of a trench to draw fire upon himself. His last words were: “Let’s go and chop up the Ukies, guys.” He was awarded the medal For Courage posthumously. It’s heart wrenching, my soul is frozen, and gloomy memories are overwhelming my mind. My eyes are filled with tears. Suddenly my son begs me: “Mom, don’t be sad, we’ll see each other – we simply have to wait. Live this life for me and in the next life we’ll be together again.” I looked up and straightened my shoulders and started to do all I could to help the families of the killed militia members. I was trying to get benefits for them. I was a member of the civic chamber. I helped organise the first two referendums. During the second referendum, I was a member of the public commission. Nobody had seen such enthusiasm before. Old women went with flags and sang songs. “We’ll come to you.” “No, we want to come here ourselves. And say ‘hello’ to Putin, please.” They believe we are Vladimir Putin’s envoys. So, I know everything directly, not from hearsay. Mr President, I’d still like to highlight several issues, if I may. Vladimir Putin : Of course. Nina Pshenichkina : We are young regions and we are just entering the legal field of the Russian Federation. The same applies to medicine. We have a problem when examining the wounded. They have to go to so many places and collect so many documents that a healthy person would hardly be able to get. They have to go from Kirovsk to Alchevsk, from Alchevsk to Beloye where the hospital is, from Beloye back to Lugansk. Meanwhile, the military medical commission in Lugansk is only open once a week. How can people from 20 cities and districts get through this examination in one day? And what if a man has lost his legs? How will he do this? Please, instruct the authorities to use one window or send commissions to all these places. And one more question: commanders are not always attentive in making entries in journals. They write: “sent to hospital” but do not specify what wound a soldier has. Then these people have to prove the obvious even though they have sacrificed their health for the Motherland and have become incapacitated. I know this because people tell me about it. And one more question. It is simply floating around in both the Donetsk People’s Republic and in our republic. Will the benefits that Russian military personnel or the families of the dead are getting now also apply to the families of the people killed before September 30? Mr President, I would like to convey to you our gratitude, support and confidence – we believe in victory, it will be ours – and to wish you the strongest health on behalf of all residents of Donbass, the women of Donbass, the Union of Donbass Women, those mothers that sent their sons to the front. And since we have gathered here today, I want to say that these are the best mothers, Mothers with a capital M. I would like to pass on to you the fervent greetings from the patient women of Donbass. And you know, ladies, you should be proud of your sons. You have brought up real heroes! All those who are there now are heroes! I wish you the strongest health, to see everyone come back alive and with a victory! Happy holiday, dear friends. Vladimir Putin : Thank you. Ms Pshenichkina, first about 2014. In hindsight, we are all smart, of course, but we believed that we would manage to come to terms, and Lugansk and Donetsk would be able to reunify with Ukraine somehow under the agreements – the Minsk agreements, which I am sure you know about. We were sincerely moving towards this. But we did not fully sense the mood of the people and all the details. It was impossible to fully understand what was going on there. But, today it has become obvious that this reunification [of Donbass with Russia] should have taken place earlier. Probably, there would not have been so many losses among civilians and so many children would not have been killed by shelling, and so on. It is good that it happened eventually. And this is happening owing to your son who is not with us and owing to the sons of the women that are here now and owing to our young men who are fighting there now, who are at the frontline, or in the second and third lines – it doesn’t matter insofar as they are in the zone of the special military operation. I am referring to all our soldiers, including those who were mobilised to the Armed Forces. This is the first point. Now the second point. Of course, it is an enormous tragedy, an empty place with nothing to fill in. You have just spoken about this so convincingly and described with such emotions what happens when your loved one is gone, especially when it is your son. But you know, one idea occurs to me. I have already mentioned it once. In our country about 30,000 people die in traffic accidents and about the same number from alcohol. Sometimes it happens, unfortunately, that one’s life takes such a turn. Life is complicated and diverse. It is more complicated than something that is written on paper. After all, we are all in the hands of God, Allah or Christ, talking about those who believe in the higher powers. It does not matter what religion they profess. What matters is that we are all mortal, we are all in God’s hands. And one day, we will all leave this world. This is inevitable. The question is how we lived. With some people, it is unclear whether they live or not. It is unclear why they die – because of vodka or something else. When they are gone it is hard to say whether they lived or not – their lives passed without notice. But your son did live – do you understand? He achieved his goal. This means that he did not leave life for nothing. Do you understand? His life was important. He lived it, achieving the result for which he was striving. This is the first point I would like to make. Ms Pshenichkina has brought up a very important issue – the operation of social services. Of course, you are right. If there are so many problems you just mentioned in organising trips and with those endless documents, it comes to mind that we in Russia have a “one-stop-shop” service in the civilian sector, which has proven very effective. It might be harder to introduce the same there because this issue falls within the responsibility of several ministries, including defence departments. The military always do things hush-hush, even where there is no need for secrecy. Military people are present here today and they are probably aware of this. Even when there are no secrets whatsoever, they would still talk about the need to keep things secret. Of course, this “one-stop-shop” service, even if it falls within the responsibility of civilian and defence ministries, must be put in place to make social services more effective so that they run smoothly and do not create any problems for people, in particular, for the men who have been wounded. I will not just issue instructions and forget all about it. We will see this matter through. Nina Pshenichkina : Thank you. Vladimir Putin : This matter might take us some time to deal with because it is not easy to resolve an issue that requires the involvement of the ministries I mentioned, but we will do it. This is my first point. Now about the benefits. We have recently adopted a law under which the residents of Lugansk, Donetsk and two other regions are entitled to all the benefits we have in Russia. They can, so to say, be backdated to 2014. Whenever we have one or two lawyers, there are at least three or four viewpoints but we will continue working on it and develop a system for issuing relevant benefits. Nina Pshenichkina : To those who are entitled to them. Vladimir Putin : Yes, we need to look at it. I will say honestly, before I entered the room I talked to the Defence Minister and [Deputy Prime Minister] Tatyana Golikova because I realised whom I was going to meet and what questions might be asked. So, I talked this issue over with them in general and now I took notes, so I will be able to give more specific instructions. We will work on this. Agreed? Nina Pshenichkina : Thank you very much. Vladimir Putin : Thank you for paying attention to this topic, for caring about other people who are now in the special military operation zone and for thinking about their families. This yet again emphasises a special, as I believe, feature that is inherent in people living in Russia – a multi-ethnic, yet single, people that shares the same values. This is very characteristic of us. Thank you very much. Go ahead, please. Irina Sumynina : Good afternoon. Irina Sumynina, Krasnodar. First of all, I would like to express my gratitude for simply being here today. Although I cannot claim any credit for this, I was sent here by our Kuban Cossack army. Vladimir Putin : Are you a Cossack? Irina Sumynina : Yes, we have a Cossack family, with four sons. My husband and two of my sons are now on a combat duty, so to say. They volunteered, they were not mobilised. Then again, they joined the forces as Cossacks. My husband and my older son serve together in the Special Combat Army Reserve [BARS] and the younger one in the special forces, in reconnaissance. Their groups are very close-knit, very supportive of each other, I mean soldiers in the units, in general, not only my men. Vladimir Putin : I know: BARS are very skilled soldiers. Irina Sumynina : There is a strong camaraderie there. They help, support each other both physically and mentally, never leave their soldiers behind, even those who were wounded or killed. They even have to drop their equipment, like tactical gear belts and body armour to lighten the burden and to be able to carry their comrades and weapons, of course. In this regard, I would like to mention a major problem of shortage of equipment, especially in the special forces. The Defence Ministry provided clothes and boots, but there is… I can speak for my younger son. He serves in a reconnaissance unit, so he needs a special uniform: light, warm, suitable for various seasons and in different colours. But they do not have camouflage suits… My older son is a sniper, he does not have a camouflage suit, he has only one uniform, the one he was given. In fact, the uniform gets worn out quite fast, because the trenches are muddy, wet and cold, and lighting a fire there is prohibited. Many soldiers fall ill, of course. But what is the point? The point is to have the uniform available as close as possible so that the old uniform can be swapped for a new one quickly and easily, as they get worn out very fast. Even the tactical belts. My husband is a machine gunner, in a matter of just several months all of his ammo carriers have become worn out, and he has to carry ammo tins. And another major issue. There is a host of homeless children in the combat area when new territories are being liberated, there are very many of them. The good news is that our soldiers are fed very well, so there are no problems with that. And they constantly share their food with the locals, especially children. These cookies, sweets and so on make them very happy. I am aware that the efforts to find these children and help them and families, are underway, and they must not be abandoned, of course. But the work on providing aid to these children should probably be stepped up. Moreover, resort houses in the Krasnodar Territory will be vacant now – they could, at least, be taken there, as it is very cold and wet in the area, there is no light, no water, no food. That is a big problem. The guys have great team spirit, they are positive, keep their chins up. Each and every one of them understands that they are where they belong – this is what they are. They say that they even love to have a laugh to relax sometimes. Vladimir Putin : Well, the Cossacks are a special caste. Irina Sumynina: Yes, you are right of course. I forgot to mention, our atamans constantly fill up cars with humanitarian aid, trying to make deliveries at least once a month. We are all taking part in this, of course – we get together and send boxes with sweets and pryaniki [gingerbreads] for children. Because our soldiers do not need this as much as the children. Vladimir Putin: The Cossacks swapped horses for cars and are using them successfully. Irina Sumynina: Yes. Vladimir Putin: But I would like to reiterate, this is a very special caste. They have always been in a class of their own throughout Russian history, they have always been servicemen, always on combat duty and always in the front – this is obvious. It has always been this way in the history of Russia. They were in the vanguard because from the very beginning their primary task was to protect the borders. And later, over the course of the country’s development, the borders were extending but they continued to serve the Fatherland in various ways. The fact that they fulfil their duty to the Fatherland is traditional, on the one hand, but, on the other hand, it shows that nothing goes away. Irina Sumynina : This indicates that the Kuban Cossacks take an active part in the special military operation. I would like to mention another thing about the family. We should try to be an example of how to raise children. Not only by talking the talk somewhere but by setting an example. My husband has been working with children at school for 13 years, he is a Cossack mentor. The children were raised in this spirit, their fathers fostered their interest in military science with regular hiking and shooting with the Cossacks in our military unit. I am nervous and emotional, of course. You forget everything in such a situation. Olesya Shigina : They were not born with a silver spoon in their mouth. Irina Sumynina : No, they were not. My husband was in Crimea and in Novorossiya in 2014, and he was awarded decorations. He was in Donbass last spring and summer, and he has been decorated for that too. And our sons could not just sit at home, seeing what their father is like. This is a personal example set by my husband. Vladimir Putin : Yes, definitely. This is exactly what I started with: everything comes from the family. Irina Sumynina: I can confirm that. Vladimir Putin: First, there are several Cossack units, not only the Special Combat Army Reserve. Irina Sumynina : Yes, Kuban is one of them. Vladimir Putin : The fact that it is headed by the supreme ataman is very important, too. I am aware of that and we will do our best to render support. You have two sons on duty, it is time for one of them to come back, at least for a vacation. Irina Sumynina: They offered him a vacation now but he said: “I will not leave, because my fellow soldiers are there.” And he is a group commander. He said: “I will not leave, I am staying.” I pray to God, he will be allowed to leave in January. Otherwise, he will not leave. My youngest is 17 years old, and I am terrified to imagine that he will go to serve as soon as he turns 18. Vladimir Putin: No need, that is enough. Irina Sumynina: And everyone tells him: “You were left here to take care of your mother, so do it.” Vladimir Putin : Yes, of course. Irina Sumynina : But there is no stopping him. Vladimir Putin: Yes, but I believe that one of your sons needs to come back too – they have been fighting for a while. Look, it is obvious that you are a Cossack because you are aware of such tactical details as body armour, assault vests, ammo carriers, tins. This is special terminology. You get it from them, from your men. As for the clothes. I was glad to hear that the situation with the equipment and food is back on track. Is the information about uniforms up-to-date? Irina Sumynina : Yes, it is. How do I know? When such things happen with my son, when they abandon everything, and he simply writes to me: mom, I need this, this and this. Fortunately, we have good shops in Krasnodar where you can buy all of these things. Vladimir Putin: I see. The Defence Ministry tries to organise this work as efficiently as possible, taking the seasons into account. You can believe me, I am absolutely sincere and I say this as I look you in the eyes: I discuss this at every meeting with chief officials of the Defence Ministry, practically every day. Every day. We will monitor the developments in the next few days but I made a note for myself. Irina Sumynina : Thank you. Vladimir Putin: The second important thing – you mentioned homeless children. Russian social services have been deployed to these areas only recently, and they were not there before. Irina Sumynina : Yes, of course. Vladimir Putin : As far as I understand, there was not much before, but this work is gaining momentum. And this is what I thought while I was listening to you: simply initiating the work of social services is not enough; what they need is to take some special measures to search for these children and support them. We will definitely work on this. Irina Sumynina : Thank you. Vladimir Putin : Thank you for bringing this up as well as the equipment issue. Irina Sumynina : And of course, the Cossacks of the Kuban Cossack army asked me to send you their regards: “Lyubo!” [an exclamation of the Cossacks’ approval] Vladimir Putin : And thanks very much to them, for their service and allegiance to the Motherland. Irina Sumynina : Thank you. I will tell them. Yelena Nikulnikova : Good afternoon, Mr President. My name is Yelena Nikulnikova and I am from the Tula Region. I have brought you hugs from the women and mothers of our region and firm handshakes from our men. They asked me to tell you that the people are with you and support you. I am a mother of a guards corporal who is serving in a reconnaissance unit. He was on a different trip at the beginning of the special military operation and he regretted being away from the Motherland. But from the very first days he told me that he would head to the front lines after returning home and resting for a couple of days. And there was no doubt in his words whatsoever, and this is right. Because the duty of every man is to protect his Motherland. Exactly like his father, who is no longer with us, but he spent 25 years serving to his country. He also went on combat tours and was a combat veteran. Just like his great-grandfather, who protected the Fatherland during the Great Patriotic War from 1940 to 1944, and in September of 1944 he personally led a battalion into attack, was wounded in combat and consequently died from the wounds and was buried in Ukraine. He was awarded the Order of the Patriotic War, I degree, and the Order of Alexander Nevsky. He was a little older than my son is now: he was 26. Our sons are defending our Motherland in the epicentre and we are doing our best to support them on the home front. Our Governor Alexei Dyumin, you know, he took the mobilisation effort not even as the head of the region but as a father who personally controls all the processes with equipment for the draftees, all training processes for the mobilised soldiers, which we are extremely thankful for. And we, ordinary people, do not stand aside. Stations to collect support for mobilised soldiers have been opened in each city, practically in every village. I have personally seen how everyone wants to take part and support our soldiers. Nine cargoes were sent in different directions even from our small town. I absolutely agree with the previous speaker, Irina Sumynina, who spoke about lost things and bureaucracy preventing their quick replenishment. And the procedure for writing off both the destroyed vehicles and personal things has become outdated too. Plus there is something I would like to add – the issue is a bit different though, it has to do with quadcopters. All units fighting at the frontline must have them in stock, and not only special units. In conclusion, I would like to thank you once again on behalf of all mothers who love our country and on behalf of women for your efforts to take care of women who raised sons to defend our Motherland. Vladimir Putin : Everything the mother said is true. As for the drones, quadcopters and so forth. We are well aware of this issue and we are working on it, and the industry is working on it too. Unlike those we are having to face, and, in a sense, we are not just dealing with them but with the people who are supplying them with all these things and paying them, using them like cannon fodder. I am not exaggerating – they are not counting their losses at all. And those who do not behave the way they should, as they believe, are shot down in front of the unit formation – something our soldiers have witnessed – and the bodies remain lying on the ground, they do not even collect the bodies of those executed servicemen. There was a case recently – five soldiers were shot down right in front of a unit – those who refused to move forward or abandoned their positions. There is a totally different moral atmosphere there. This shows once again that we are facing a Neo-Nazi regime – without exaggeration. I am saying this not to call someone names but in response to their behaviour. Nevertheless, what matters is that we perceive ourselves as human beings and feel that we are doing the right thing, protecting those of our people living in the areas that became part of the Russian Federation. This should have been done a long time ago, judging from what Ms Pshenichkina said. They waited for it for a long time. As for the procedure for writing off property and so forth – I noted this down, and we will see. But first of all, this has to be connected with the replenishment order. We will consider all of this. I will tell Mr Dyumin what you have just said. I will see him today, we have a working meeting scheduled. Thank you very much. Yelena Nikulnikova : Thank you. Vladimir Putin : Thank you very much. To be continued. Topics Armed Forces Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: November 25, 2022, 17:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69935 Text version