Events Message on Alexandra Pakhmutova’s 95th birthday November 9, 2024 21:00 Message on Alexandra Pakhmutova’s 95th birthday. President of Russia Vladimir Putin : My dear Ms Pakhmutova. Please accept my heartfelt birthday greetings. Today, the whole country celebrates your birthday and offers you its sincere and warm greetings on this occasion – everyone who dreamed, studied and worked all while seeking inspiration in your romantic songs celebrating true friendship and inspiring people to reach new heights. They talk about reaching high and the joy of victory. Of course, your songs reflect an entire era. We can hear it in your wonderful melodies which always blend grave notes with cordiality, while also reflecting the feeling of deep love towards our Motherland. You have come to see life in its diversity, and your creations reflect this positive mindset, including your musical pieces, choir performances, concerts, and cantatas. That said, people have come to love you for your songs, of course. You worked with prominent and famous poets when writing these songs. Your creative cooperation with Nikolai Dobronravov has been the most effective collaboration you had, and the two of you also formed a family. You formed a wonderful duet which produced outstanding lyrics and unforgettable melodies. You wrote your songs while travelling the country and meeting with its people. You dedicated your creations to these people and celebrated their work and achievements for the benefit of our Fatherland. Millions of people shared your feelings. People respected and venerated your art and the way you worked with Nikolai Dobronravov. Ms Pakhmutova, Tonight, the Bolshoi Theatre will perform songs which have been accompanying us for many decades in our everyday life as well as at the time of celebration, and when we faced challenges too. They help us better understand the most important periods in our national history, touching the best parts of our souls. After all, your songs talk about what matters the most for us: about our Motherland, true feelings and the touching tenderness, as well as hope and honest love. For us, listening to these songs is like revisiting our own past. This demonstrates the extent to which these songs have penetrated our lives and have become so intimate and important to several generations of people. Time goes by, and singers come and go, but we keep listening to your songs Ms Pakhmutova. They keep bringing us together. They have become classics. Russia is proud of your contribution to its national culture, and the world cultural heritage, and of your creative longevity. Your music is a work of genius, and it forms our national heritage. I know that you have not stopped working. Ony recently, you presented your new musical piece, StalGRES, in Volgograd, your hometown. Your father and your brother worked at this power plant during the heroic battle of Stalingrad. This song pays tribute to the feat accomplished by all those who worked in Stalingrad, an undefeated city. Just like all your remarkable creations, it reflects your strong character and the generosity of your soul, as well as your dedication to art, people, and your fidelity to your homeland. Tonight, the concert celebrating your birthday anniversary will open with a wonderful waltz. Its premiere is your gift to millions of listeners and viewers. Ms Pakhmutova, you are the melody of our country and our people. We love you so much. Thank you very much. See also Alexandra Pakhmutova awarded the Title of Hero of Labour November 9, 2024 Topics Culture Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: November 9, 2024, 21:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75528 Text version