Events Video address on Investigation Officers’ Day Vladimir Putin congratulated Russia’s investigation officers on their professional holiday. July 25, 2024 00:00 Vladimir Putin congratulated Russia’s investigation officers on their professional holiday. President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Comrades, Congratulations to the current and former workers of the Russian investigation agencies on your professional holiday. First of all, thank you for your firmness and principled attitude, for your successful and honest work, for loyalty to your duty and calling, and for zealously maintaining the best traditions of service. Investigators of the Interior Ministry, the Russian Investigative Committee and the Federal Security Service make an invaluable and immense contribution to combating corruption, terrorism and extremism, to protecting the interests of the public and the state, and to protecting our citizens’ security, their rights and freedoms. Today, as the world is going through an era of dynamic changes, a technological revolution, migration flows, local conflicts, and emerging markets of the future, new risks also emerge. They include cyberthreats, drug trafficking, trans-border criminal groups, and actual criminal syndicates in the virtual and financial environment. We must respond to these challenges in a smart and prompt manner, improving our investigation methods and implementing advanced approaches and digital solutions that help not only solve but prevent crimes. We must always remember that by exposing perpetrators, you restore the truth and justice, strengthen the rule of law and constitutional order, which form the foundation of Russia’s sovereign development as a strong state based on the rule of law, and which constitute one of the biggest guarantees of national security. I want to note that right now, during the special military operation, investigation agencies are addressing special tasks that demand great responsibility, including effective operations on the liberated territories. Sometimes they operate in very challenging conditions, risking their lives and thoroughly documenting and collecting irrefutable evidence of crimes committed by neo-Nazis, punishers, their accomplices, terrorists and extremists. I would like to stress that those who try to instill fear and divide our society, playing on religious and ethnic sentiments, will never succeed. They will face inevitable and just retribution. I am confident that Russian investigation officers will continue to achieve new commendable results across all key areas of their work, demonstrating their best professional, personal and moral qualities such as professionalism, objectivity, strong character and, of course, unwavering loyalty to the Fatherland and our nation. I wish you and your loved ones all the best. Congratulations on Investigation Officers’ Day. Topics Civil service Fight against crime Law enforcement agencies Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 25, 2024, 00:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74638 Text version