Events Video address to expanded meeting of Emergencies Ministry Board February 15, 2023 11:10 Video address to expanded meeting of Emergencies Ministry Board. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Comrades, Welcome to the expanded Board meeting of the Ministry of Civil Defence, Emergencies and Disaster Relief. During our previous meeting in this format a year ago, we talked about the ministry’s priorities and the need to improve performance at all its departments, and held an in-depth discussion on the ministry’s technological modernisation and structural streamlining. I hope that today we will also focus on systemic issues and on things that need to be adjusted. I would like to emphasise that the Emergencies Ministry has always been an integral part of our country’s security system, and the protection of our citizens and our economy from many potential threats directly depends on your professionalism and the coordination of your efforts. Last year, the ministry’s staff acted promptly during flood relief operations in Yakutia, Crimea, the Krasnodar Territory and the Kemerovo Region (Kuzbass). You did a great deal to put out wildfires and industry-related fires in the Urals, Siberia and the Far East. I would like to say that since the start of the special military operation, the ministry’s staff have been working to deliver food and medicines to the Donetsk and Lugansk people’s republics and the Zaporozhye and Kherson regions, cleared mines, helped rebuild social facilities, evacuated people from the zones of fire, provided assistance to people at temporary accommodation centres, and did this courageously and decisively. People in other countries are grateful for the assistance of Russian rescue teams. In 2022, we conducted 35 international humanitarian missions. Last week, the ministry’s forward groups were among the first to help the victims of devastating earthquakes in Turkiye and Syria. Our rescue workers, dog handlers, doctors and psychologists were working around the clock, rapidly deploying mobile hospitals, organising search and rescue operations and thereby saving the lives and health of many people. I would like to thank the ministry’s leadership and its military and civilian staff for their responsible attitude to tackling their tasks, for their professionalism and for providing assistance to people in trouble without delay and despite the risks and dangers involved. Esteemed board meeting participants, Today, the ministry’s staff and its territorial divisions and special bodies have been set important and significant tasks. First of all, efforts will continue to supply modern firefighting, rescue and other equipment to the ministry. The timeframe and supply volumes specified in the ministry’s technological modernisation programme must be complied with. Serious attention must be given to outfitting and equipping firefighters and rescue specialists. Everything must be of the best quality, comfortable, meet all modern standards and requirements, and, of course, take into account the climate and other territorial specifics of our country. It is important to redouble efforts to create the ministry’s territorial bodies, first of all in the Lugansk and Donetsk people’s republics and the Zaporozhye and Kherson regions. Firefighting and other rescue services and units must have everything they need for providing effective assistance to people. I would like the ministry’s leadership to give priority attention to this sphere of operation. It is necessary to improve the civil defence system, including in light of the new challenges and the experience of operations in the Donetsk and Lugansk people’s republics and liberated territories. Other priorities include the introduction of new technologies and modern information resources in the ministry’s work. In particular, digitisation will help us conduct oversight more efficiently, without creating excessive obstacles to businesses while ensuring the interests of our citizens. Another relevant task is to prevent industry-related fires. You must use a risk-based approach when inspecting organisations, keeping a close eye on compliance with fire safety regulations and bearing in mind that any shortcoming might lead to trouble. I have no doubt that Russian rescue professionals will continue to do their duty as they are expected to, and will act quickly and effectively. I would like to wish you success. Thank you. Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: February 15, 2023, 11:10 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70512 Text version