Events Russian-Chinese talks Vladimir Putin and President of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping held talks in Beijing. October 18, 2023 09:55 Beijing The meeting was held in an expanded format with the participation of the delegations. After the meeting, the international consultations continued in the working breakfast format. Earlier that day, the President of Russia took part in the opening ceremony of the Third Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation. * * * Beginning of Russian-Chinese talks President of China Xi Jinping Xi Jinping President of People's Republic of China (retranslated) : Mr Putin, my dear friend, welcome to China for the Third Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation. Participation in each other’s major international events is a good long-term tradition for our countries. Mr President, it is your third visit to the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, which demonstrates Russia’s support for this initiative. During my visit , at your invitation, to Russia in March – this was my first visit after the re-election – we set a landmark for the development of bilateral relations and held a meaningful exchange of views on a number of current international and regional issues. I am pleased to note that the governments, ministries and agencies, as well as regions of China and Russia have been working hard to implement the important agreements we have reached. Mutual trust in our political relations is steadily growing. Close and effective strategic collaboration is being maintained. Bilateral trade has achieved historic records and is approaching the target of $200 billion we have set. Mr President, during the ten years since 2013, the two of us have held 42 meetings and established good business-like relations and a strong personal friendship. Next year marks the 75 th anniversary of diplomatic relations between China and Russia. The Chinese side is ready, together with Russia, with keen understanding of the trajectory of history and following the currents of world development, to invariably rely on the fundamental interests of the peoples of the two countries, to continuously enrich bilateral cooperation with the content necessary for the sake of the two countries’ development and prosperity in this new era; exercise a sense of responsibility as great powers, contribute to international justice and impartiality, and promote the common development of the whole world. Thank you. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr Xi Jinping, dear friend, See also All news about the visit to China I am happy we are having this new meeting. Allow me once again, this time personally, to congratulate you and all our Chinese friends on the 74 th anniversary of the establishment of the People’s Republic of China. Next year will be an anniversary year for both your country and the diplomatic relations between our countries. On October 2, 1949, the next day after the establishment of the PRC, the USSR was the first to recognise new China. As you have just said, your state visit to Russia took place in March, the first foreign visit after your re-election. We understand that this is a special sign indicating the level and nature of relations between the People’s Republic of China and Russia. One and a half years after my last visit , all of us, our large delegation, are in Beijing again. We can see that the city is developing and prospering, and we are very glad for our Chinese friends. Your idea of promoting wide-ranging cooperation between the countries of the historical Silk Road, which was put forward ten years ago, has gained momentum. As I just said in my remarks at the forum, each country leader, when planning something in the area of economy or development, seeks to implement the plans that have been devised. Yet, we are never 100-percent sure how this will turn out. But our Chinese friends, China under your leadership, and you personally are highly successful in your endeavours. We are very glad for you and for all those involved in this wide-ranging collaboration, because everyone gains advantages from it. You have just outlined a very strong and extensive programme to further promote your road and destiny idea intended to benefit, in effect, as you say yourself, the whole of humankind. We sincerely wish you success in this noble undertaking. Under the difficult present-day conditions, it is particularly relevant to maintain close foreign policy coordination, something we are doing now. Today, we will discuss all of this, including, and primarily, our bilateral relations. You have just mentioned our bar – our objective of reaching $200 billion in trade this year. If we look at the year-on-year figures – we analysed this yesterday evening – the 200-billion target was reached between this day a year ago and today, and this bar will certainly be exceeded by the end of the calendar year. Therefore, we are advancing very confidently on the bilateral plane as well. Thank you. <…> Geography People's Republic of China Topics Foreign policy Persons Xi Jinping Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: October 18, 2023, 09:55 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/72529 Text version