Events Main Naval Parade On Russia’s Navy Day, President of Russia, the Supreme Commander-in-Chief Vladimir Putin reviewed the Main Naval Parade held in St Petersburg. July 28, 2024 12:00 St Petersburg The President, accompanied by Defence Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei Defence Minister of the Russian Federation and Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Navy Alexander Moiseyev, sailed aboard the naval motorboat Raptor to review the parade line of warships on the Neva River roadstead. Vladimir Putin greeted and congratulated their crews on their special day. See also Executive Order on 2024 Main Naval Parade July 27, 2024 The vessels that took part in the review included the battleship Poltava, the small missile ships Serpukhov and Odintsovo, the corvette Boiky, the ice-class patrol ship Ivan Papanin, the submarine Mozhaisk, the destroyer Jiaozuo of the Chinese Navy, the training ship La Soummam of the Algerian Navy, and the frigate Tabar of the Indian Navy. The parade concluded with a procession of ships in the waters of the Neva and a march of military personnel, students of pre-university naval institutions, and young cadets of the Yunarmiya (Young Army) on Senate Square. In total, 20 surface ships and boats, one submarine, four sailing vessels, and more than 2,500 military personnel took part in this year’s parade. Additional Speech at the meeting with heads of foreign delegations taking part in Russia's Navy Day celebrations July 28, 2024 Later the same day, Vladimir Putin met with representatives of foreign delegations taking part in the Navy Day celebrations. Attending the meeting at the Admiralty were representatives of Algeria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Brazil, Cambodia, Cameroon, China, Republic of the Congo, Cuba, Djibouti, Egypt, Ethiopia, Republic of Guinea, India, Indonesia, Iran, Kenya, Libya, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Pakistan, Qatar, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Syria, Tanzania, the United Arab Emirates, Venezuela, and Vietnam. Navy Day is celebrated in Russia on the last Sunday of July. The first Main Naval Parade in St Petersburg took place in 1996 to mark the Russian Navy’s 300 th anniversary. The tradition of holding the annual parade in the city on this day was restored by a Presidential Executive Order in 2017. * * * Address by the President at the Main Naval Parade to mark Russia’s Navy Day President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Comrade sailors and sergeant majors, midshipmen and officers, Brave participants in the special military operation, Dear veterans, Citizens of Russia, Congratulations on Navy Day, a special day we always celebrate officially, with respect and love for our glorious Navy and pride for our country, a maritime power. Russia acquired this crucial status due to its geopolitical standing, great geographical discoveries and an immense contribution to the exploration of the World Ocean, but most importantly, to the victories, hard work, determination, courage, and talent of our naval commanders and sailors. Guided by the glory of St Andrew’s flag, they have always remained dedicated defenders of our Fatherland's sea expanses, serving it faithfully onboard warships and submarines, in the ranks of naval infantry and coastal defence troops, as well as naval air units. They serve for the sake of lives, happiness, and well-being of Russian citizens. For over three centuries, naval sailors have celebrated their holiday, which was established to honour Russia’s first major naval victory at Cape Gangut. The sea battle was won by the newly emerged Navy founded by Peter the Great. Through gaining its strength, it served as the reformer’s major support in creating the Russian Empire, a strong, independent and sovereign state. For centuries, the Navy has retained its significance for the national defence capability as well as its triumphant and glorious achievements in industry, technology and science, and the efforts made to develop and boost kind, partnership relations with other states. We are sincerely delighted to welcome the crews of warships from Algeria, India and China as well as representatives of dozens of other foreign countries and delegations that have arrived for the Main Naval Parade to celebrate with us today and congratulate our sailors and commanders. The Navy’s high mission has defined their truly sacred attitude to the Fatherland, as well as their selflessness, unbending character, loyalty to the oath and their naval brothers in arms, strong spirit, discipline, and training. The development of these qualities is a paramount task of the Russian naval education. Having started with Peter the Great’s School of Mathematics and Navigation, today it remains among the best, fundamental and progressive ones, cherishing vast traditions and training top-class specialists who have extensive advanced knowledge and, most importantly, are capable of effectively applying it in their challenging and responsible naval service. This is essential for navigating modern ships and armaments, which are constantly supplied to our Navy. We will continue boosting support for surface and submarine forces as well as naval aviation and will increase our efforts to equip ships with high-tech new-generation gear and hypersonic missile systems, improve and strengthen coastal infrastructure, and develop reconnaissance, surveillance and air defence systems at near and far borders. The US administration and the German government made a noteworthy statement concerning their plans to deploy US long-range precision missile systems in Germany in 2026. The missiles could reach ranges of major Russian state and military facilities, administrative and industrial centres, and defence infrastructure. The flight time to targets on our territory of such missiles, which in the future may be equipped with nuclear warheads, would be about ten minutes. The United States has already conducted exercises to practice deployment of Typhon missile systems from its territory to Denmark and the Philippines. This situation is reminiscent of the events of the Cold War related to the deployment of American medium-range Pershing missiles in Europe. If the United States implements these plans, we will consider ourselves free from the previously assumed unilateral moratorium on the deployment of medium and shorter-range strike weapons, including increasing the capabilities of the coastal troops of our Navy. Today, the development of such systems in Russia is nearing completion. We will take mirror measures to deploy them, taking into account the actions of the United States, its satellites in Europe and in other regions of the world. One more thing. Today, we are paying increasing attention to Washington’s efforts to escalate tensions in connection with the flights by Russian strategic aircraft. Just to remind you, Russian strategic missile carriers have not performed any air patrols far from our borders since the collapse of the Soviet Union. Russia thought this was no longer needed, with the world having changed and the Cold War becoming a thing of the past. However, the United States chose to ignore this unilateral gesture of goodwill and continued patrolling the space in the proximity of our borders. So, since 2007, we have resumed such flights as a response to the increased activity from US strategic and reconnaissance aircraft in the regions that we believe are sensitive for us. The move has aimed, among other things, to ensure security in the Asia-Pacific region. Today, I would like to particularly note that many naval crews are fearlessly fighting in hot spots along the engagement line during the special military operation. Just like their great ancestors, they fight to defend Sevastopol and other ports of the Black Sea and Sea of Azov, delivering devastating blows to the enemy and destroying its military facilities. Over 30,000 sailors and officers have been awarded high state decorations and titles. The frigate Admiral Makarov, as well as one regiment and three marine brigades, have received the honorary Guards designation, while three marine combat units and the frigate Admiral Essen have been awarded orders. Each medal, order, and title represent a personal story of courage and devotion to the Fatherland, the lives of daring and strong-willed sailors and their commanders, brilliant naval officers who have always committed to duty, honour, dignity, leadership abilities, and responsibility for the heroic centuries-long path of our legendary Navy, which Russian people are proud of. Comrades, Today, parades of warships are taking place in Baltiysk, Vladivostok, Severomorsk, and Kaspiysk, as well as in Tartus, Syria. Today, Russia’s Navy is honoured across our vast country, which is a true recognition of its greatest services to the Fatherland and its reliability in protecting our national interests. Once again, I would like to congratulate the entire personnel of the Russian Navy and everyone who is now taking part in the parade or serving on combat missions on this special day. I congratulate your wives, children and parents – all those who consider this day as the most significant and dear to them. Thank you for your noble service. I wish you new victories in fulfilling truly historic, far-reaching tasks we are facing. Glory to the Russian Navy! To Russia! Hurray! Geography Saint Petersburg Topics Armed Forces Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 28, 2024, 12:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74651 Text version