Events Meeting with young scientists Vladimir Putin met with participants of the 2 nd Congress of Young Scientists and participants in the Management Personnel Pool programme for science, technology and higher education at the Sirius Science and Art Park in Sochi. December 1, 2022 17:45 Sochi President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Good afternoon, friends, I am delighted to welcome you all. Last year was the first experience of holding the Congress of Young Scientists and talking with your colleagues. There is a reason these events are hosted at Sirius, and I am sure that you know why, by now. I see some people here in this hall who work here – they must certainly know why young researchers pick this venue. See also Visiting a laboratory complex at Sirius University December 1, 2022 Overall, I think we have successfully created a very good education cluster for children at the former Olympic campus, but, as planned, we are taking further steps – we are creating laboratories of the highest level and class, world-class, without exaggeration, a university is already created. I hope that in the future, it will be possible to include production facilities here. Not as big as the Putilov plant of course, not here, but specific high-tech facilities can definitely be deployed. Then this will be a full-cycle cluster, from school to industry. Fundamental research can be done here and applied research as well – everything can be done right here, and I think this is a good choice of a site. But, of course, this is not the only reason. I think this congress is also a very popular event per se because young people always look to the future. That’s just because they are young and have their whole lives ahead of them. And young scientists are certainly planning careers in the fields they have chosen. This, in turn, means that when people like you get together, this gives the state the opportunity not only to listen to you, but also to draw the right conclusions, and this helps the state to become familiar with the priorities of promoting science, its development goals and objectives. This is extremely important, because there is a range of goals to be met in this respect. One of them – perhaps the most important one – is the need to transition to a new level of technological development right away. I think that you have certainly talked about this among yourselves and will definitely talk about it here. The question arises: is this huge leap – you certainly know where this idea comes from – is it even possible in science? In our country, right now? I think that it is definitely possible, bearing in mind the fundamental research groundwork done by previous generations, and they did a lot. Indeed, much was lost in the 1990s, when everything, including science, was falling apart and the education system was plagued with problems. However, our foundation in this was so strong that ruining everything was impossible. The fact that you are meeting here, at Sirius, and discussing the future of science, shows that time and time again the very basic foundations of education and science in Russia are very strong. This leads us to believe that this leap, the ground-breaking transition to a new technological order is now possible in our country. But nothing ever happens by itself. It is the people who make things happen. Young researchers are the people who we should pin our hopes on. This is what the state is doing, placing its hopes on you and people like you. But in order for all that to happen – nothing can be done in the snap of a finger – all of society must set its mind to it, which is our second goal. Public authorities, agencies, public organisations and the public in general must make an effort to convince our society that sovereignty and the future of technological development, our technological, industrial, and even value-based sovereignty can rely on and can only come to pass on the basis of fundamental and applied science. Because – in fact, it has always been this way, and has now become particularly important and you know this better than anyone – this is what life is telling us to do, and the success of each individual, each country or country associations largely depend on scientific research performance, fundamental and applied research in all areas of life. And this goal is of paramount importance. What do I mean when I say to “convince society, the state, and the public authorities?” This means it is imperative to encourage everyone to work in cooperation with you effectively, systematically and relentlessly. Without a doubt, if we proceed like this we will be successful. We talk about research personnel training and training in general fairly often, if not always. I think, also at the initiative of your colleagues, we launched a project to educate research personnel last year. I think we have people in the audience who work in this area. It is a small number of about 85 people. This issue was discussed at a meeting with your colleagues last year, but it takes so long because the bureaucratic machine is so rusty – we launched this programme only in October. I think it is scheduled to last until May 2023. In fact, 85 people are not many, but not too few, either. It is just the first step. But by and large, we certainly need to expand our work from local gatherings of company directors and their deputies to a systemic effort throughout the country. The Ministry of Education and Science, the Government as a whole and the regions will have to join this effort of course, including with your help – I also hope for it – to work out common approaches to training not just scientific researchers, but people who can do more than scientific research, who can also lead research teams. Another urgent task is, of course, the integration of Russia’s new territories into the country’s scientific landscape and its educational environment. It is clear that those people who came and voted need to, as they say, take root in the Russian reality. And Russia needs most of all to gain a solid foothold there. This means more than attaining our military and political objectives there – it means working in those territories and with those people so that the people feel the benefit of the accession to Russia. One of the heads of the new territories told me about families with children queuing for a medical check-up, a preventive examination, something that was probably never available in those territories before. With all the difficulties, with all the tragic events, this is clearly a change for the better. But this is just one example; this must happen everywhere, so that this process becomes reliable, sustainable and successful. I have no doubts about its eventual success, but we need to ensure that it is tangible and achieved as quickly and thoroughly as possible. This largely concludes my opening remarks. I would like to ask you to avoid turning our meeting into a Q&A session, especially because if you ask very specific questions, I will hardly be able to answer them fully, beautifully and interestingly. And I would just like to hear your opinion on what needs to be done, how you want it done, how soon, and what kind of support you need for your research activities, science and related education, of course, to make fast progress, as fast as we need it to grow and bring the necessary results to Russia. That’s it for today. Thank you for your attention. Go ahead, please. Surely you have proposals or questions. Please. To be continued. Topics Science and innovation Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: December 1, 2022, 17:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69967 Text version