Events Vladimir Putin congratulated Moscow residents on City Day The President took part in a gala event at the Zaryadye Concert Hall on the occasion of the 877th anniversary of the foundation of Moscow. September 7, 2024 12:45 Moscow Address on Moscow City Day President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr Sobyanin Sobyanin Sergei Moscow Mayor , friends, As always, we mark a wonderful holiday – Moscow City Day – at the very beginning of autumn. I wish Muscovites and, of course, everyone in our vast country a happy holiday, because each one of us, wherever we were born and raised, has special feelings for the capital of our Fatherland. The golden-domed and majestic Moscow has remained the heart of Russia. It is a hero city and a worker city, the focal point of our multi-ethnic people’s value code, the symbol and reliable stronghold of our statehood. Muscovites have always, especially during the most difficult periods in our history, felt responsible for the Motherland, performed labour and military feats, preserved our unique cultural values, and set a fine example of courage, fortitude and love for the Motherland. See also Opening of infrastructure facilities in Moscow September 7, 2024 Today, together with residents from all Russian regions, thousands of Muscovites are fighting on the front lines of the special military operation. The capital is supporting Donetsk, Lugansk, and our border regions. I would also like to address the employees of Moscow industrial enterprises. Within a short period of time, you have multiplied your output for the needs of the special military operation and, in general, for strengthening the country’s security and technological sovereignty. Moscow has become the most important centre for the development of unmanned systems technology and the largest producer of critically important pharmaceuticals. The construction of advanced enterprises in microelectronics and photonics and other high-tech fields is in full swing. Moreover, the capital has emphasised the development of innovative and environmentally friendly production facilities. Building new facilities, along with upgrading existing ones, has provided impressive results in the truest sense of the word. Thus, in a matter of five years, industrial output in the capital’s manufacturing industries has grown by 2.5 times, and the growth rate was maintained at a very high level of 20 percent in the first half of this year, compared to the same period last year. To enable young Muscovites to make a successful career at the capital’s factories and engineering centres, Moscow is rapidly improving the quality and expanding opportunities for vocational education. Existing workshops and laboratories are being renovated and new ones created, the content of educational programmes is being updated, and the accessibility of training is expanding. This year, for example, 16,000 additional state-funded places were made available at Moscow colleges to 9 th grade graduates. In other words, it was possible to enter almost every field of study without enrolment competition. Let me add that the Moscow authorities have been working with the federal Government. Together, they have recently completed the most ambitious and grand project in higher professional education by building and launching new buildings for the Bauman Moscow State Technical University, one of Russia’s leading technical universities, to mark the start of a new academic year. I am certain that the legendary Bauman University will benefit from this state-of-the-art university campus as it strives to expand its capabilities in terms of training engineers, undertaking research projects and working on advanced technology. As for the youth energy and creativity – they will keep inspiring Moscow, helping it move forward and build a track record of success today, and for the future. Friends, Moscow is, of course, one of the world’s best metropolitan cities, and we have every right to affirm this. This applies to the quality of life it offers, as well as the way it enables its residents to unlock their talent and potential. Moscow is home to innovative manufacturing facilities, research and educational centres, which exist side by side and in harmony with unique museums, concert halls, as well as our sacred spiritual and historical sites. People in and outside Russia have been praising Moscow for its openness and hospitality. Last year, 24.5 million Russian and international tourists visited our capital city. I have no doubt that there will be even more people who will want to travel to Moscow and marvel at its beauty and its landmarks, especially considering that people can use almost all the available transport means to get here. In this context, let me note that the project to build the M-12 motorway continues. It will connect central Russia with the regions along the Volga. Soon, it will reach the Urals, and will then continue into Siberia and Russia’s Far East. As you know, we have launched the construction of a high-speed railway linking Moscow to St Petersburg. In Moscow, the metro network has almost doubled over the past 14 years. Today, on City Day, several stations opened all at once along Line 16, the Troitskaya Line. Not only is Moscow famous for its cutting-edge transport infrastructure, but also for its well-tended, clean streets and its parks with all their amenities and improvements. Of course, I rarely get to enjoy all this beauty, but I do visit these places occasionally. We have every right to be proud of what we see in Moscow, and you all know this. Sports arenas and fitness courts have become Moscow’s hallmarks, along with all kinds of amateur sports competitions, marathons and spartakiades. The city government pays special attention to promoting mass sport and, of course, improving the health of Moscow residents is a major priority too. All the hospital buildings in Kommunarka have been completed and launched. Mr Sobyanin and I have been there to inspect all these premises not that long ago, or so it might seem. It was during the pandemic. I remember the way he pointed his finger all around him, saying that there will one building here, and another one there. And they delivered on all these undertakings. The programme to upgrade and renovate outpatient clinics is expected to be completed by the end of 2025. The same timeline applies to the project to build a therapy building at the St Vladimir Children’s Hospital. It will benefit from state-of-the-art equipment and will be one of the best and biggest facilities of this kind in Russia. We will make sure to use the best practices developed in Moscow to improve the way medical institutions across Russia work. Friends, Moscow has been impressing us with the way it has been developing, in terms of both pace and quality-wise. The city is changing rapidly. Moscow residents are the ones who must be recognised for these outcomes, above anything else. I would like to thank you from all my heart for your dedication and devotion to your home city and to our great Motherland. The people of Moscow always pursue new goals and get more things done. This is why the city has such an ambitious development programme in terms of its aspirations and designs. It traces a path forward for many years to come. I am certain that Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin and his team, with the support of the people of Moscow, which is an essential and instrumental factor when undertaking efforts of this kind, will deliver on all these plans. I wish you new achievements, good health, and all the best. Happy City Day! Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: September 7, 2024, 12:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75054 Text version