Events Meeting on economic issues Vladimir Putin chaired a videoconference meeting on economic issues. September 17, 2024 13:30 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region Taking part in the meeting were Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Mishustin Mikhail Prime Minister of the Russian Federation , Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Anton Vaino Vaino Anton Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , First Deputy Prime Minister Denis Manturov Manturov Denis First Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation , Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff Dmitry Grigorenko Grigorenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation – Chief of the Government Staff of the Russian Federation , deputy prime ministers Tatyana Golikova Golikova Tatyana Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation , Alexander Novak Novak Alexander Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation and Marat Khusnullin Khusnullin Marat Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Russian Federation , Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , Minister of Economic Development Maxim Reshetnikov Reshetnikov Maxim Minister of Economic Development of the Russian Federation , Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov Siluanov Anton Minister of Finance of the Russian Federation , and Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina Nabiullina Elvira Governor of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation (Bank of Russia) . * * * President’s opening remarks President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Good afternoon, colleagues, We continue to work on the draft federal budget for 2025 and the 2026–2027 planning period. We are discussing high-priority aspects of the country’s main financial document, specific budgetary objectives and, of course, the macroeconomic conditions necessary for achieving these objectives. We have already discussed economic policy guidelines until 2030, and we have identified systemic solutions and measures to strengthen the country’s industrial, logistic and financial capabilities that directly influence the state of the budget, its formation and execution. I suggest we devote today’s meeting to specific practical steps to fill the draft federal budget with real content. For example, we will discuss its key revenues and expenditures. Our priorities in terms of public expenses should, as before, include providing social support, strengthening the country’s defence capability, integrating the regions of Donbass and Novorossiya, advancing technological development of Russia's economy and social services, expanding and consolidating infrastructure, modernising cities and towns, and improving living standards. I would like to note that new national projects will be launched early next year to achieve tangible positive changes in all areas of life and to ensure Russia’s long-term and sustainable development. We need to allocate financial resources for their successful implementation and to include their required volume in the federal budget. Strategic long-term decisions for finetuning the taxation system should come into play here. These are intended to make the system more equitable and effective. These changes will also take effect next year. I would like to emphasise the importance of maintaining a responsible budgetary policy to confidently and consistently achieve national development goals. It is necessary to ensure a well-balanced federal budget and the entire system of state finances for the next three years and in the longer term. I suggest we discuss all these issues in detail and work actively today. Let us get down to work. Mr Siluanov has the floor. Please. <…> Topics Budget Economy and finance Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: September 17, 2024, 13:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75117 Text version