Events Meeting with President of Cuba Miguel Diaz-Canel Bermudez The President of Russia met with President of the Republic of Cuba Miguel Diaz-Canel Bermudez, who has arrived in Russia on an official visit. November 22, 2022 16:10 The Kremlin, Moscow With President of Cuba Miguel Diaz-Canel Bermudez. The agenda includes the status and prospects of the Russia-Cuba strategic partnership in the political, trade, economic, cultural and humanitarian areas, as well as international issues. Earlier, Vladimir Putin and Miguel Diaz-Canel Bermudez Diaz-Canel Bermudez Miguel President of the Republic of Cuba attended the ceremony for unveiling a monument to Fidel Castro in Moscow. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Comrade Diaz-Canel, I am very glad to see you in Moscow again. Relations between Cuba and Russia have been making steady headway in the three years since our previous meeting here. I would like to note that we are also developing cooperation between our foreign ministries, parliaments and governments. State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin visited Cuba quite recently. I know that this time you have a very busy programme here, in Russia, and are going to meet many of your colleagues. The Intergovernmental Commission is working. It held its 19 th session quite recently. We have big plans for cooperation between our governments with many joint projects up to 2030. We have a great opportunity to analyse with you everything that has been done recently and what needs to be done in the current difficult conditions – but, after all, they have probably never been easy. You know that the Soviet Union and Russia have always supported and support the Cuban people in their struggle for independence and sovereignty. We have always opposed any restrictions, embargoes, blockades and so on. We have always backed Cuba on international platforms. We are seeing that Cuba occupies the same position with respect to our country, to Russia. See also Monument to Fidel Castro unveiled in Moscow November 22, 2022 All this is a result of the traditional friendship that was started by Comrade Fidel Castro. Today, we have unveiled a monument to him. I think this is a very good monument. I don’t know whether you like it or not. I think it is impossible not to like it. Indeed, this is a good memory of him, a true work of art. He is so dynamic, always in motion, moving forward. It definitely captures the look of a fighter that he had. I really remember our personal meetings very well, even the details. He was an impressive man. I remember how during our first meeting in his office when we were freely discussing the current situation during lunch, I was stunned by his attention to detail and his knowledge of the nuances of ongoing events, even if they took place far away from Cuba. He was aware of and could analyse everything happening in the world. It was very interesting and useful for me to have these meetings with him. Relying on this firm foundation of friendship, we must certainly move forward and enhance our cooperation in the current conditions. I am very happy for us to have this opportunity. Welcome! To be continued . Geography Cuba Topics Foreign policy Persons Diaz-Canel Bermudez Miguel Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: November 22, 2022, 16:10 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69915 Text version