Events Meeting with Acting Governor of Vologda Region Georgy Filimonov Georgy Filimonov reported to the President on the region’s socioeconomic development and measures to support the families of the special military operation participants. April 1, 2024 13:45 The Kremlin, Moscow At the beginning of the meeting, the Acting Governor of the Vologda Region informed the President about the preliminary results of his performance in this position (the President signed Executive Order on his appointment as the region’s Acting Governor on October 31, 2023). Specifically, he has developed 22 programmes focused on housing and utilities, landscaping, the social sector, healthcare, education, road infrastructure, and major repairs of schools and kindergartens, to name a few. These programmes are intended for a five-year period. Georgy Filimonov placed particular emphasis on support measures for participants in the special military operations and their families living in the Vologda Region. In particular, a Regional Single Call Centre Dispatching Service was established to address issues related to the special military operation: relatives of participants can call to receive assistance with any problem. In addition, the Acting Governor told the President that representatives of both the regional government and the social security department are supervising every participant in the special military operation. For instance, they help them submit documents for receiving payments and resolve everyday household problems. Vladimir Putin emphasised the importance of continuing this work without lowering the bar so that people always feel attention and support. In conclusion, Mr Filimonov informed the President about the development of domestic tourism in the Vologda Region, for instance in the Russky Sever [Russian North] national park. He also updated the President on the plans to organise year-round operation of the residence of Ded Moroz [Grandfather Frost] in Veliky Ustyug. Geography Vologda Region Topics Regions Persons Filimonov Georgy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: April 1, 2024, 13:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73761 Text version