Events Russia-India talks On July 8–9, Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi came to Russia on an official visit. July 9, 2024 16:30 Moscow President Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi held talks in the Grand Kremlin Palace. The talks focused on the future development of the traditionally friendly relations between Russia and India, as well as the topical issues on the international and regional agendas. After the talks, the President presented the Order of St Andrew the Apostle to Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi. Following Narendra Modi’s official visit to Russia, Leaders’ Joint Statement on the development of strategic areas of Russia-India economic cooperation for the period up to 2030, as well as Joint Statement following the 22 nd India-Russia Annual Summit India-Russia: Enduring and Expanding Partnership were adopted. A number of bilateral documents were also signed. The Programme was signed of Russian-Indian cooperation in trade, economic and investment spheres in the Russian Far East for 2024–2029, and on the principles of cooperation in the Arctic zone of the Russian Federation. Inter-agency documents were signed concerning issues of climate change and low-carbon development, geodesy and cartography, healthcare and pharmaceuticals, scientific research and logistics in the polar regions, and cooperation in the field of television broadcasting. A number of signed agreements concern investment and arbitration issues. In addition, memorandums of understanding between the all-Russia Public Organisation Delovaya Rossiya (Business Russia) and the Trade Promotion Council of India, as well as between the National Research University Higher School of Economics (Russia) and Jawaharlal Nehru University (New Delhi, India). Earlier, Vladimir Putin and Narendra Modi visited the Atom Exhibition Pavilion at VDNKh. On July 8, Vladimir Putin held an informal meeting with Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi at the presidential residence in Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region. See also Presenting the Order of St Andrew the Apostle to Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi July 9, 2024 Begininng of the Russia-India talks July 9, 2024 Visiting Atom Pavilion at VDNKh July 9, 2024 Informal meeting with Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi July 8, 2024 Geography India Topics Foreign policy Persons Modi Narendra Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: July 9, 2024, 16:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74514 Text version