Events ASI forum Strong Ideas for a New Time Vladimir Putin took part in the plenary session of the fourth annual forum Strong Ideas for a New Time hosted by the autonomous non-profit organisation Agency for Strategic Initiatives to Promote New Projects (ASI). February 20, 2024 19:45 Moscow ASI forum Strong Ideas for a New Time. Photo: TASS The Strong Ideas for a New Time forum has been held on the President’s instruction since 2020 and is used to gather socially important initiatives and projects submitted by concerned citizens from across the country. Each resident of Russia can use a special platform to share their idea or project, receive expert evaluation and support to get it implemented. This year, the forum hosted by ASI and the Roscongress Foundation with the support of VEB.RF received 30,731 submissions in seven areas of focus. * * * Director General of the Agency for Strategic Initiatives Svetlana Chupsheva : Mr President, friends, colleagues, As is customary, every year we get together for the Strong Ideas for a New Time forum. This year’s is the fourth forum that has brought together thousands of people from every region of our country. Over these four years, more than 88,000 ideas submitted by the people of our country have been uploaded to the forum’s crowd platform. They cover a wide range of socioeconomic issues, including quality of life, technological progress, professional training, environment, digital technologies, and, of course, the economy and entrepreneurship. This year, the bulk of submissions came from the Republic of Bashkortostan, Moscow, and the Nizhny Novgorod Region. The crowd platform boasts more than half a million registered participants aged 25 to 45, with 75 percent of participants holding higher education degrees. In terms of professional background, science and education rank first among our platform participants, followed by civil servants and non-profit organisation employees. Digital technologies and the internet come third. I would like to thank co-hosts of the forum – Roscongress and VEB.RF, as well as our Expert Board. Over 2,000 crowd platform experts review each submission, give recommendations, and ask questions, which makes it possible for the leaders to fine-tune their ideas and projects. I would like to thank Expert Board Chairman Igor Shuvalov who participates in the meetings and listens to presentations by project idea leaders. Alongside the Expert Board, we propose solutions that can be included in government programmes, among others. Mr President, every year you support the initiatives and projects presented on the sidelines of the plenary session, which we then submit in the form of a report to you and the Government. Over 5,000 ideas have been supported over that time. The project idea leaders have raised over two billion rubles to implement their projects; 1,000 projects were supported by all regions this year. Today, we look forward to learning more about several exciting projects and solutions from a variety of fields. Mr President, you have the floor. To be continued. Topics Social services Support for business Persons Chupsheva Svetlana Peskov Dmitry Shuvalov Igor Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: February 20, 2024, 19:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73505 Text version