Events Meeting with Prime Minister of Armenia Nikol Pashinyan Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister of Armenia Nikol Pashinyan discussed Russian-Armenian bilateral cooperation and interaction within integrational associations. September 7, 2022 13:40 Russky Island, Primorye Territory President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr Pashinyan, We stay in touch frequently: we have regular meetings and telephone conversations on current topical issues. Nevertheless, at our personal meeting today, I consider it important to remember that this year we have celebrated the 30 th anniversary of our diplomatic relations and the 25 th anniversary of the fundamental treaty. Our relations are developing in all areas. We are working in our organisations: both in the economic organisation and in the CSTO; I mean ensuring security and stability. In the near future, you are also planning to attend SCO events in Uzbekistan, where we will have an opportunity to meet again and talk with all our colleagues. See also Eastern Economic Forum plenary session September 7, 2022 Russia remains a confident leader among Armenia’s trade and economic partners. Our trade is growing: I believe it has increased 25–30 percent recently. We can indeed note the stabilisation of the economic situation in Armenia. A lot has been achieved by your Government in this area. Of course, the security situation around Nagorno-Karabakh is one of the most sensitive issues. We discuss this all the time; we stay in constant contact. And I am glad that today, during your trip to Russia, to the economic forum in Vladivostok, we can also talk about all these topics on the sidelines. The range of our companies and people cooperating with each other is expanding. Our business operators are going to meet soon, and there will be a regional forum as well. There are other activities planned, including in the humanitarian sphere, and in the field of culture and education. I am glad. Thank you very much for accepting the invitation and coming to the economic forum in Vladivostok. Prime Minister of Armenia Nikol Pashinyan Pashinyan Nikol Prime Minister of the Republic of Armenia : Thank you, Mr Putin. Let me once again thank you for inviting me to attend the Eastern Economic Forum. To be honest, I liked the forum (which, of course, is still continuing) and I am impressed with Vladivostok. It is a beautiful place, and I hope I will have a reason to visit it again, not just for work, but also on other occasions. Of course, as you have already noted, this year has been very important for our relations: we have had the anniversaries, the CSTO, and in connection with our bilateral relations. Russia is the closest partner and strategic ally of the Republic of Armenia, and frequent contacts and coordination of our positions are very important, especially in these difficult times. You have noted the mission of the Russian peacekeepers in Nagorno-Karabakh, and I would like to note it, too. We have to admit that this is a difficult mission, as we have said many times. We highly appreciate the role of Russian peacekeepers in Nagorno-Karabakh, in the Lachin corridor. And I think it is very important to emphasise this. In fact, there are numerous details in terms of ensuring security in Nagorno-Karabakh that we always discuss, and I think it would be beneficial to talk about them today, too. The situation with trade and economic relations between our countries is traditional. I am glad that in the post-pandemic period, our trade and economic relations have not only recovered, but seen new positive development, which we have talked about at the forum. Of course, the agenda of our relations is very busy, and I am sure that today we will also have a meaningful and substantive conversation. Thank you again for the warm welcome. <…> Additional All news about the trip to Primorye Territory September 7, 2022 Geography Armenia Topics Foreign policy Persons Pashinyan Nikol Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: September 7, 2022, 13:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69302 Text version