Events Conversation with Vostochny Cosmodrome employees Vladimir Putin and President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko met with Vostochny Cosmodrome employees. April 12, 2022 12:30 Amur Region President of Russia Vladimir Putin : I would like to once again wish you a happy holiday. President of the Republic of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko Lukashenko Alexander President of Belarus : I congratulate you on your decorations. Remark : Thank you very much. Vladimir Putin : As I already mentioned, we started this in the Soviet Union, and we worked together. The entire Soviet Union stood behind the first manned flight into space. We remember this well. I am pleased to note that these efforts have continued to this day. Indeed, the circumstances have changed, but we continue to cooperate. It is no coincidence that the President of Belarus is here with me today. We have been discussing for some time now ways to use our common capabilities and competencies and to combine them, starting with simple things like construction work, and all the way to the creation of spacecraft. I mentioned the advantages of Belarusian enterprises in my earlier remarks, and we are using them in full. We are confident that this will benefit our space industry. So, happy holiday once again, and I wish you continued success in your work. I think Vostochny Cosmodrome is one of the largest construction projects in Europe and the world, a major facility with bright development prospects. As far as super-heavy duty rockets are concerned, there is work to do until 2035. The scope of the work is formidable but everything is going as scheduled. Unfortunately, the pandemic has taken its toll, and we had to shift the schedule “to the right side of the chart” a bit, but it has been updated overall, and the work will continue. I wish you all the best. Remark : Thank you very much. See also Visiting Vostochny Cosmodrome April 12, 2022 Ceremony for presenting state decorations April 12, 2022 Dmitry Bolotov : Mr President, may I ask you a question? Bolotov Dmitry, Vostochny Space Centre. We are celebrating International Cosmonautics Day today in our country and around the world, too. What do you think about this holiday? Do you remember April 12, 1961? Vladimir Putin : Yes, I do. Oddly enough, but I do. (Addressing President Lukashenko.) Mr Lukashenko, do you remember April 12? I was a child. How old was I? I was 9 back then. Frankly, I did not fully understand what was happening, but I knew something great and unusual had happened. Strangers were hugging and kissing in the streets. It really looked like Victory Day too, because for me, as a 9 year-old, it was clear that something unusual had happened. I didn’t know what outer space was, and what a manned flight into outer space for the first time in history meant, but it was absolutely clear that a grand event had taken place, and it had to do with our country’s tremendous achievements. Even a 9 year-old could sense the pride in the country in the air. It was such an outstanding event that I kept everything that happened back then in my memory. Of course, it was broadcast on television. Even children were impressed, let alone the adults who jubilated in the truest sense of the word. The country celebrated, and one might say the entire world did too. I am confident we will have events of this kind in the future as well. Thank you. Nikolai Aistov: Nikolai Aistov, Russian Space Systems. This is not a question. You mentioned this issue today. I would like to say that all of us wholeheartedly support the operations of our army and we want the tasks and goals set for the special military operation to be achieved. This is all I wanted to say. Thank you. Vladimir Putin: You can bet on it.There is no doubt about that. The goals are absolutely clear; these are noble goals. I said this at the very beginning. I would like to point out that I indicated these goals in my first address to the people and the Armed Forces. The main goal is to help the people of Donbass, the people’s republics of Donbass, which we have recognised. It was a forced decision because, regrettably, the Kiev authorities, pushed by the West, refused to implement the Minsk Agreements that were aimed at a peaceful solution to the problem of Donbass and the two people’s republics. They openly refused to do this. The President [of Ukraine] said that he did not like a single clause of the agreement, and other [Ukrainian] officials said that the agreements could not be implemented because they would destroy the country. They publicly refused to honour them. We could no longer tolerate that genocide, which went on for eight years. This is the first point. Second, Ukraine was being turned into a bridgehead, regrettably for us, into an anti-Russia bridgehead. They started nurturing the germs of nationalism and neo-Nazism that appeared in that country long ago. You know that, if you took note of what I said in one of my public addresses, they specially nurtured that neo-Nazi virus, and Russia’s clash with these forces was inevitable. They were just choosing the right time for an attack. The subsequent events have shown how much this has germinated. It is an obvious fact. Regrettably, neo-Nazism has become a fact of life in a big country with which we had close affinity. This is clear. It was imminent, and just a matter of time. What we are doing there is helping people, saving them from genocide, on the one hand, and at the same time we are taking measures to ensure the security of Russia itself – it is obvious that we had no alternative and that it was the right step. And there is no doubt that we will definitely attain the goals set. Anything else? Alexander Tarakanov: May I ask a question? Vladimir Putin: Go ahead. Alexander Tarakanov: Alexander Tarakanov, NPO Lavochkin. Mr President, can Russia continue working on its aerospace programme under the sanctions imposed by the unfriendly countries? What measures are being taken to strengthen our technological sovereignty in this sphere? Vladimir Putin: Mr Tarakanov, we were just talking about Yury Gagarin’s first space flight. In 1961, the Soviet Union was in complete technological isolation, and the sanctions against it were overwhelming. Nevertheless, the Soviet Union became the first country to orbit an artificial earth satellite, the first man in space was a Soviet citizen, and the first space station was ours, and the first mission to the Moon was ours as well, if memory serves, the first spacewalk was made by our man, and the first woman in space was our Valentina Tereshkova, God bless her. We did all of that in conditions of complete technological isolation, and yet we made these incredible achievements. Can’t today’s Russia, with advanced technologies at its disposal, continue to work on its space programme, which we have outlined until 2030? Of course, we will do it. Moreover, this may sound strange because it seemingly concerns different spheres, but I have mentioned it many times: when the first sanctions were imposed in 2014, some of our industries, for example, agriculture, made huge strides. Our agriculture has become a high-tech sector. Our agricultural exports have even exceeded the export of our weapons systems by a large margin, by US$10 billion. Of course, modern science and technologies are interconnected, and we are not going to isolate ourselves. It is impossible to completely isolate anyone in the modern world, let alone a large country like Russia. Therefore, we will work with those of our partners who want to cooperate with us. We will work on near space and outer space programmes, and we will also implement our moon-exploration programme. As you know, we plan to implement the Luna 25 lander mission in the third quarter. Can we make it in the third quarter? General Director of the Roscosmos State Corporation for Space Activities Dmitry Rogozin Rogozin Dmitry General Director of the Roscosmos State Corporation for Space Activities : We must. The launch window will close in the third quarter. Vladimir Putin: Well, there you go. We will continue working. Even the Vostochny development plans are set out until 2035. We will continue to develop technologies and improve our competencies. What we could buy with petrodollars and gas profits before – well, the money will remain in the country anyway. We will use them to develop our own competencies. I know this will do us a lot of good. Alexander Tarakanov: Thank you. To be continued. Geography Amur Region Belarus Topics Foreign policy Regions Space Persons Lukashenko Alexander Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: April 12, 2022, 12:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68180 Text version