Events Meeting with President of Uzbekistan Shavkat Mirziyoyev Vladimir Putin held a meeting at the Kremlin with President of the Republic of Uzbekistan Shavkat Mirziyoyev. May 8, 2024 23:45 The Kremlin, Moscow With President of Uzbekistan Shavkat Mirziyoyev. <…> President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Our governments have generated positive momentum when working together. President of the Republic of Uzbekistan Shavkat Mirziyoyev Mirziyoyev Shavkat President of Uzbekistan : Our trade agreements have become the primary focus for all our agencies and our prime ministers. And these agreements are being implemented. Vladimir Putin : Trade has been on the rise between our two countries. Shavkat Mirziyoyev : Indeed, we have seen an increase in trade. This year we will be targeting the $5 billion mark and tasked every minister accordingly. I also had a meeting today with [Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation Denis] Manturov Manturov Denis Acting Deputy Prime Minister – Acting Industry and Trade Minister . He raised four issues and we resolved them right away. Vladimir Putin : As spring has arrived and the summer is approaching, we eagerly anticipate the arrival of fruit and vegetables from Uzbekistan, just like last year. This is something that benefits all of us by keeping prices low and preventing them from rising. Shavkat Mirziyoyev : Very well. [Head of the Republic of Tatarstan Rustam] Minnikhanov Minnikhanov Rustam Head of the Republic of Tatarstan has visited our southern regions, and was amazed by the cabbage, dried apricots, garlic and scallions that we grow. In fact, he was taken by surprise by what he saw during the visit. He said: “Why do we buy anything in other countries? These products are cheap and eco-friendly.” Most importantly, the prices are reasonable. Vladimir Putin : We have been buying more products from Uzbekistan every year. Shavkat Mirziyoyev : It would be wonderful if this trend continues. Vladimir Putin : We will make sure of it. Shavkat Mirziyoyev : I have also mentioned the Agroexpress initiative. I talked about it in my remarks. We have all it takes to satisfy the demand for agricultural products in the Russian market. Vladimir Putin : We will support this initiative. In fact, even without it we have been witnessing an increase in trade over the past couple of years, reaching unprecedented levels. We will continue to expand our trade. <…> See also Meeting of the Supreme Eurasian Economic Council May 8, 2024 Geography Uzbekistan Topics Foreign policy Persons Mirziyoyev Shavkat Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: May 8, 2024, 23:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73994 Text version