Events Meeting with the Head of the Republic of Crimea Sergei Aksyonov The President listened, via videoconference, to a report of the Head of the Republic of Crimea Sergei Aksyonov on the socio-economic situation in the country. Special attention was paid to the support for the families of army personnel. April 18, 2024 17:15 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region In the beginning of the conversation, the President noted that the situation in the republic was stable and making steady headway. The economy is growing and construction is one of its drivers. To begin with, Sergei Aksyonov Aksyonov Sergei Governor of the Republic of Crimea said that he was grateful for Crimea’s return to Russia ten years ago, owing to the support of the President and all people of Russia. During these ten years, the republic has never been left alone with its complicated problems. They were moving forward quickly and confidently. The Head of the Republic of Crimea told the President about support for those who were performing their military duty today, and for their families, in all areas. This work is coordinated with the Defenders of the Fatherland Foundation. The republic adopted 12 measures to support the military. Mr Aksyonov is personally coordinating this work, going into every detail. In addition, performing the functions assigned to the republic by the Federal Government, Crimea is helping the regions that have also returned to their historical Motherland. Mr Aksyonov also described his joint work with law enforcement agencies to prevent any transgressions of law, primarily those related to the special military operation. He reported to the President, on behalf of the security and law-enforcement forces, that all subversive groups without exception that committed sabotage or staged explosions over these years, had been detained. Mr Aksyonov thanked his colleagues from the Federal Security Service, the Interior Ministry, the Prosecutor’s Office, the Investigative Committee and the National Guard of Russia for cooperation. As for the economy, Mr Aksyonov said that during 10 years, the Gross Regional Product increased by 270 percent and Crimea’s own profits grew by more than five times. The Republic of Crimea is third in Russia in terms of economic growth rates. In 10 years, private investment in the economy amounted to 900 billion rubles. As many as 90,000 jobs were created; expenses on housing and utilities grew 25 times over, on environmental protection 23 times over, on roads 12 times over, on sports 13 times over, on healthcare four times over, and on education eight times over. The federal targeted programme on Crimea’s development adopted on the President’s instruction is the main driver of its economy. Mr Aksyonov also mentioned support on behalf of the Moscow Government, in particular, in road construction, urban improvement and healthcare. With the help provided to Crimea by the Ministry of Agriculture, the Republic has moved up to the third place nationwide in terms of viticulture and horticulture over the past ten years. Over 1,000 hectares of vineyards and orchards are planted yearly. The production of dairy products has increased by 320 percent. Last year, 2 million tonnes of grains were harvested, which is twice as much as in 2014. In terms of the quality of life, the Republic of Crimea rose to 45 th place from 76 th place ten years ago. Energy, education, healthcare, resorts and tourism were discussed as well. Over the past ten years, 61 million tourists have visited Crimea. The head of the region mentioned the damage caused by the storm of the century last year, which was the most devastating storm in 170 years. The Russian Government allocated funds to rebuild 69 coast protection structures. Plans are in place to fulfill almost the entire programme within the next 2.5 years. The head of the Republic of Crimea also said that the governor of the federal city of Sevastopol and he had drafted a petition to the President concerning a number of challenges facing the Republic. In addition, Aksyonov raised the issue about his future work in this position, since the elections of the head of the region will be held this year. The President said Aksyonov was coping well with the main tasks and expressed confidence that the people of Crimea would support him. The President drew Aksyonov’s attention to a number of issues, in particular, the environment, housing and utilities, and the public health system in general and primary care in particular. Sergei Aksyonov provided clarifications regarding the region’s participation in all federal and agency-specific targeted healthcare programmes. In addition, he spoke about his efforts to address matters such as individual incomes, prices for food and medicines, and medical staff shortages. The President noted that the entire country, all its regions and the Government were working to increase individual incomes, but extra efforts are needed to address this issue in Crimea, even though, of course, this goal can only be achieved as part of a countrywide effort. Vladimir Putin noted once again that Aksyonov was doing well as head of the region, wished him good luck and suggested that they continue to be in close communication. Geography Republic of Crimea Topics Armed Forces Regions Social services Persons Aksyonov Sergei Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: April 18, 2024, 17:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73878 Text version