Events Meeting with Government members Vladimir Putin held a videoconference meeting with Government members. The meeting focused on the main areas of tax administration in 2023, as well as topical current issues. February 15, 2023 18:55 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region Taking part in the meeting were Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Mishustin Mikhail Prime Minister of the Russian Federation , Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Anton Vaino Vaino Anton Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , First Deputy Prime Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei First Deputy Prime Minister , First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Sergei Kiriyenko Kiriyenko Sergei First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , deputy prime ministers Viktoria Abramchenko Abramchenko Viktoria Deputy Prime Minister , Tatyana Golikova Golikova Tatyana Deputy Prime Minister , Alexander Novak Novak Alexander Deputy Prime Minister , Marat Khusnullin Khusnullin Marat Deputy Prime Minister and Dmitry Chernyshenko Chernyshenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister , Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff Dmitry Grigorenko Grigorenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff , Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov Manturov Denis Deputy Prime Minister – Industry and Trade Minister , Deputy Prime Minister – Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District Yury Trutnev Trutnev Yury Deputy Prime Minister – Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District , Presidential Aide Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Aide to the President , Minister of Economic Development Maxim Reshetnikov Reshetnikov Maxim Minister of Economic Development , and Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov Siluanov Anton Finance Minister . Minister of Labour and Social Protection Anton Kotyakov Kotyakov Anton Labour and Social Protection Minister , Minister of Digital Development, Communications and Mass Media Maksut Shadayev Shadayev Maksut Minister of Digital Development, Communications and Mass Media , Head of the Republic of Mordovia Artem Zdunov Zdunov Artem Head of the Republic of Mordovia , Governor of the Chelyabinsk Region Alexei Teksler Teksler Alexei Governor of the Chelyabinsk Region , Head of the Federal Tax Service Daniil Yegorov Yegorov Daniil Head of the Federal Taxation Service , Head of the Executive Committee of the Russian Popular Front Mikhail Kuznetsov, Chairman of the Management Board of the RUSNANO Management Company Sergei Kulikov and Chairman of the VEB.RF State Development Corporation Igor Shuvalov Shuvalov Igor Chairman of the State Development Corporation VEB.RF were also invited to the meeting. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Mr Mishustin, colleagues, good afternoon. Our agenda today includes a very important issue that is far from just a technical one, on the main areas of tax administration in 2023. Mr Yegorov will report on this. But first of all, I would like to ask Mr Kotyakov to update us on the issue of social payments, which we increased by 11.9 percent on February 1, based on actual inflation. The increase in payments affected a total of 16 million people. Mr Kotyakov, there is money, the source has been identified, the Government has resolved all issues. How is the technical work proceeding? (Anton Kotyakov reported to the President on the progress of work on transferring social payments to different categories of people and their adjustment for inflation, as well as on the rules of allocating allowances and processing them. Replying to the President’s question, the minister described how social support measures were being carried out in the four new regions – the Donetsk and Lugansk people’s republics and the Zaporozhye and Kherson regions. At the President’s request, Minister of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov reported on the production of optical fibre in Russia. He recalled that the country mastered its manufacture in 2016. Before that, all optical fibre was imported from Europe and Japan. Today, the only producer of fibre for telecom in the entire EAEU is Optic Fibre Systems, a company in Saransk (Mordovia). Its production capacity was increased to 4 million kilometres of fibre per year, which meets almost half of the domestic demand. To fully cover the market, the company drafted a comprehensive investment project. It will expand the company's capacity to 10 million kilometres of fiber per year, allowing it to meet the requirements of not only Russia but also other EAEU member-states. There are already agreements with the Republic of Belarus. Denis Manturov stressed that the project is crucial for the telecom sector, considering the Digital Economy national programme and the need to expand the coverage of high-speed data transmission. Chairman of the VEB.RF State Development Corporation Igor Shuvalov and Head of the Republic of Mordovia Artem Zdunov commented on the minister’s report. Minister of Digital Development, Communications and Mass Media Maksut Shadayev explained how they are transferring mass-scale social services to electronic format. To this end, a big platform was built, in part for the regional and municipal authorities. They are at different digitisation levels and many of them were not even technically equipped to receive electronic requests from the website. There is a very big system, embracing about 60,000 officials and 7,000 government bodies, which will be used as a first step to creating the large platform Gostech. The officials in the current system review incoming requests and make decisions on rendering relevant services. This is a big inter-departmental project. Mr Shadayev also spoke about the introduction of digital document copies. Head of the Federal Tax Service Daniil Yegorov reported on the main theme of the meeting – major areas of tax administration in 2023.) Topics Taxes Persons Kotyakov Anton Manturov Denis Mishustin Mikhail Shadayev Maksut Shuvalov Igor Yegorov Daniil Zdunov Artem 3 more Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: February 15, 2023, 18:55 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70518 Text version