Events New Year greetings to foreign heads of state and government Vladimir Putin sent Christmas and New Year greetings to foreign heads of state and government. December 30, 2022 13:30 In his New Year and Christmas greetings to President of the Republic of Abkhazia Aslan Bzhania Bzhania Aslan President of Abkhazia , Vladimir Putin noted that the relations between Russia and Abkhazia are developing dynamically, in the spirit of alliance and strategic partnership. He expressed confidence that in 2023, they will continue constructive work together on current issues of the bilateral and regional agendas for the benefit of the brotherly nations and in the interests of stronger security and stability in the Caucasus. The Russian leader congratulated President of the Republic of Armenia Vahagn Khachaturyan and Prime Minister of the Republic Nikol Pashinyan Pashinyan Nikol Prime Minister of the Republic of Armenia on the New Year and Christmas holidays, noting that the outgoing year was marked by anniversaries for Russia and Armenia. Thirty years ago, the countries established diplomatic relations. Twenty-five years ago, they signed the Treaty of Friendship, Cooperation and Mutual Assistance. In the course of this year’s political contacts, the countries reinforced the strategic nature of their bilateral alliance and outlined steps to further develop their partnership in different areas, including within the EAEU, CSTO and CIS. In his greetings to President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev Aliyev Ilham President of Azerbaijan , the Russian President stressed that in 2022, the two countries reached a new level of allied cooperation. Bilateral trade is breaking records; cooperation in transport and humanitarian affairs is progressing fast, along with region-to-region cooperation. Joint efforts will ensure further expansion of the entire scope of Russia-Azerbaijan ties in the interests of the two friendly nations, stronger security and stability in South Caucasus and in the Caspian Sea region. In his New Year and Christmas greetings to President of the Republic of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko Lukashenko Alexander President of Belarus , Vladimir Putin emphasised that, thanks to their close alliance, Russia and Belarus rose to the occasion and withstood the challenges of the outgoing year. Not only did they successfully resist unprecedented political and sanctions pressure, they also strengthened the institutions of the Union State, built reliable defences on its western frontiers, fast-tracked integration and expanded bilateral cooperation in many spheres. The President of Russia praised the relationship of camaraderie and trust forged with Alexander Lukashenko that makes it possible to rapidly resolve the most complicated matters. He also expressed hope that they will continue to work together to bolster the entire range of Russia-Belarus ties. In the message of greetings to President of the Republic of Kazakhstan Kassym-Jomart Tokayev Tokayev Kassym-Jomart President of the Republic of Kazakhstan , the Russian leader noted that in 2022, Russia-Kazakhstan relations continued to rapidly develop on a firm basis of principles of strategic partnership, alliance and neighbourliness. Bilateral trade numbers were good. The two countries successfully carried out large joint projects in industry, energy and other fields. Vladimir Putin expressed confidence that they will work together to further enhance multi-dimensional cooperation and continue their coordinated work within the EAEU, CSTO, CIS and SCO – work that the President of Russia believes serves the interests of the brotherly nations and contributes to stability and security in Central Asia, the Caspian Sea region and across Eurasia in general. In his greetings to President of the Kyrgyz Republic Sadyr Japarov Japarov Sadyr President of the Kyrgyz Republic , the Russian leader stressed that the strategic partnership and alliance between Russia and Kyrgyzstan are growing stronger as the countries actively cooperate within Eurasian integration frameworks, joining forces against challenges to regional and international security. Vladimir Putin expressed hopes of continuing to work together to advance constructive bilateral cooperation across all areas for the benefit of the peoples of Russia and Kyrgyzstan. In his greetings on the New Year and Christmas sent to President of the Republic of South Ossetia Alan Gagloyev, Vladimir Putin noted that relations between the two countries are moving forward, with Russia supporting socioeconomic assistance programmes in South Ossetia. He expressed readiness to continue building up bilateral cooperation across the board in 2023, for the benefit of the brotherly peoples and in the interests of stability and security in the South Caucasus. In his New Year greetings to President of the Republic of Tajikistan Emomali Rahmon Rahmon Emomali President of Tajikistan , the President of Russia emphasised that in 2022, Russia-Tajikistan relations developed dynamically in the spirit of alliance and strategic partnership. The political dialogue progressed as planned at all levels, with joint mutually beneficial projects carried out, including trade and economic and humanitarian projects. Moscow and Dushanbe coordinated their efforts within the CIS, CSTO and SCO to counter threats and challenges to regional security. The Russian President expressed readiness to continue working together closely on current matters of the bilateral and international agendas. In his messages of greetings to President of the Republic of Turkmenistan Serdar Berdimuhamedov Berdimuhamedov Serdar President of Turkmenistan and Speaker of the People’s Council of National Assembly of Turkmenistan Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov Berdimuhamedov Gurbanguly , Vladimir Putin noted that 2022 was quite a successful year for the relationship between the two countries. In particular, they signed a declaration on strengthening the strategic partnership that created conditions for qualitative progress in Russia-Turkmenistan ties in key areas. “I hope we will continue our constructive joint work, on a bilateral basis, within the CIS, UN, in Central Asia + Russia format and the Caspian Five. This cooperation serves the core interests of our friendly peoples and helps bolster regional security and stability,” Vladimir Putin added. Addressing President of the Republic of Uzbekistan Shavkat Mirziyoyev Mirziyoyev Shavkat President of Uzbekistan , the President of Russia highlighted that 2022 marked 30 years of diplomatic relations between Russia and Uzbekistan and, based on recent results, the two countries are continuing to advance their strategic partnership and alliance across the board. The Russian leader noted that he hopes to continue joint work aimed at stepping up productive bilateral cooperation in all areas, as well as the partnership within the CIS, SCO and other multilateral frameworks, which, as he believes, serves the core interests of their countries and contributes to stability and security in Central Asia. In the greetings to President of the Plurinational State of Bolivia Luis Arce, Vladimir Putin praised the Bolivian leader’s principled position of developing partner relations between the two countries and expressed confidence that through joint efforts, they will successfully complete bilateral cooperation projects they have mapped out. Addressing the President of the Federative Republic of Brazil, the President of Russia expressed satisfaction with the fact that, during the presidency of Jair Bolsonaro Bolsonaro Jair President of Brazil , Moscow and Brasilia extensively cooperated at international platforms, especially within BRICS, and successfully advanced the friendly bilateral relationship. The Russian leader sent sincere greetings for the New Year and the upcoming Spring Festival to President of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping Xi Jinping President of People's Republic of China . In his message, Vladimir Putin stated that in the outgoing year, the comprehensive partnership and strategic cooperation between Russia and China continued to strengthen, demonstrating rapid progress and resistance to external challenges. The two countries maintain a meaningful political dialogue. Bilateral trade is breaking records. Major trans-border infrastructure projects have been completed, including the construction of a road and railway bridges across the Amur River. The years of physical fitness and sports exchanges contributed substantially to contacts between the people of our countries. Through joint efforts, the countries will be able to take bilateral cooperation even higher for the benefit of the Russian and Chinese nations and in the interests of strengthening regional and global stability and security. In his messages of greetings to President of the Republic of Cuba Miguel Diaz-Canel Diaz-Canel Bermudez Miguel President of the Republic of Cuba Bermudez and Army General Raul Castro Castro Raul on the Republic’s national holiday of the Triumph of the Revolution, Christmas and New Year, Vladimir Putin noted that Russia-Cuba relations are ascendent, as Miguel Diaz-Canel’s recent visit to Moscow fully confirmed. The President of Russia expressed confidence that the agreements reached during the visit will facilitate the further development of mutually beneficial bilateral cooperation – not only in the political, and trade and economic sphere, but also in science and technology, and other areas. The Russian leader also praised Raul Castro’s personal contribution to the strategic partnership between Russia and Cuba and wished him good health, high spirits, happiness and longevity. Vladimir Putin sent Christmas and New Year greetings to Prime Minister of Hungary Viktor Orban Orban Viktor Prime Minister of Hungary , stressing that, despite the complicated international environment, relations between the countries continue to move in a positive direction. The President of Russia also affirmed his intention to continue working together on current bilateral issues. In messages to President of the Republic of India Droupadi Murmu and Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi Modi Narendra Prime Minister of India , the President of Russia stressed that in 2022, Russia and India marked the 75 th anniversary of the diplomatic relations and, relying on positive traditions of friendship and mutual respect, the countries continue to develop their specially privileged strategic partnership, carry out large-scale trade and economic projects in addition to energy, military technology and other areas of cooperation, coordinate efforts in addressing important matters of regional and global agendas. “I am confident that India’s recently started SCO and G20 presidencies will open new opportunities for building multi-dimensional Russia-India cooperation for the benefit of our peoples, in the interests of strengthening stability and security in Asia and the entire world,” Vladimir Putin stressed. In his message to President of the Republic of Nicaragua Daniel Ortega, the President of Russia expressed confidence that, through joint efforts, the two countries will ensure that Russia-Nicaragua strategic partnership will continue to advance on all fronts for the benefit of the friendly nations and in the interests of regional security and stability. Vladimir Putin wished Daniel Ortega and his loved ones good health and happiness and wished peace and prosperity to all Nicaraguans. Wishing a happy New Year and a Merry Christmas to President of the Republic of Serbia Aleksandar Vucic Vucic Aleksandar President of the Republic of Serbia , Vladimir Putin focused on the fact that in 2022, Russia-Serbia relations continued to make steady progress based on the principles of strategic partnership. The two countries strengthened practical cooperation, including trade and economic cooperation as well as cultural and humanitarian, deepening the trust-based political dialogue and coordination of efforts in international and regional affairs, which has been particularly significant in the current complicated geopolitical situation. “I hope that we can work together to further boost our constructive and multi-faceted bilateral cooperation for the benefit of the Russian and Serbian nations,” President of Russia stressed in his message. Addressing President of the Syrian Arab Republic Bashar al-Assad al-Assad Bashar President of Syria , the Russian leader expressed unwavering support for Syria’s sovereignty, unity and territorial integrity as well as readiness to assist with stabilising the situation and the post-conflict recovery in the country. Vladimir Putin wished his colleague good health, happiness and success, and peace and prosperity to the friendly Syrian people. The President of Russia also extended warm New Year greetings to President of the Republic of Turkiye Recep Tayyip Erdogan Erdogan Recep Tayyip President of Türkiye , stressing that the mutually beneficial ties between Russia and Turkiye are progressing rapidly, despite the complicated international situation. Vladimir Putin stated that in 2022, the two countries substantially expanded bilateral cooperation in many areas, successfully working on large joint projects to ensure long-term regional energy security, including the construction of the Akkuyu Nuclear Power Plant and a regional gas hub in Turkiye. The Russian leader also expressed confidence that, acting together, they will be able to boost Russia-Turkiye cooperation across the board for the benefit of their nations and in the interests of greater stability and security across Eurasia. Addressing President of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro Maduro Nicolas President of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela , the President of Russia stressed that the outgoing year confirmed the importance of the strategic partnership between the countries. Bilateral cooperation was fruitful in various fields, and Russia and Venezuela redoubled their coordinated efforts in international affairs. Vladimir Putin expressed hope for continuing a constructive dialogue and cooperation for the benefit of the friendly peoples of Russia and Venezuela. In his New Year and Tet holiday greetings to General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam Nguyen Phu Trong and President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam Nguyen Xuan Phuc Nguyen Xuan Phuc President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam , Vladimir Putin noted that, despite the deterioration in the international situation, the comprehensive strategic partnership between Russia and Vietnam continues to move in a positive direction. The President of Russia expressed certainty that in the new year, the countries will work together to further expand mutually beneficial multilateral cooperation in all areas, in the interests of strengthening peace and security in the Asia-Pacific. Vladimir Putin also extended Christmas and New Year greetings to former heads of foreign states and governments, in particular, Silvio Berlusconi Berlusconi Silvio , Robert Kocharyan, Nursultan Nazarbayev Nazarbayev Nursultan , Serzh Sargsyan Sargsyan Serzh and Gerhard Schröder. Topics Foreign policy Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: December 30, 2022, 13:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70305 Text version