Events Meeting with President of Cuba Miguel Diaz-Canel Bermudez Vladimir Putin had a meeting at the Kremlin with President of the Republic of Cuba Miguel Diaz-Canel Bermudez. May 9, 2024 14:40 The Kremlin, Moscow International consultations continued in an expanded format with the members of the two countries’ delegations. * * * Beginning of the Russian-Cuban talks President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Your Excellency Comrade Diaz-Canel, friends. We are delighted to see you in Russia and in Moscow. Thank you for finding the opportunity to attend the parade marking the 79 th anniversary of Victory in the Great Patriotic War. I would like to emphasise something that may be overlooked by some: Cuban patriots also contributed to the fight against Nazism and fought on the frontlines of the Great Patriotic War. They fought for Leningrad in the most challenging hotspots, including the Neva Bridgehead. We remember this, we know this, and we will always respect those who stood shoulder to shoulder with our forefathers in their battle against Nazism. Additional Victory Parade on Red Square May 9, 2024 Laying flowers at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier May 9, 2024 Reception in honour of the heads of state invited to attend Victory Day celebrations May 9, 2024 Yesterday, you attended the meeting of the Supreme Eurasian Economic Council, which is part of the Eurasian Economic Union, one of the most effective associations in the post-Soviet space. Cuba takes part in these meetings as an observer state and I hope that this brings about tangible results. Russia’s relations with Cuba are based on the feelings of friendship and mutual respect. It has always been this way. We have always shown support for the people of Cuba and rejected the continuing and long-standing attempts by the United States to restrain Cuba in its development and harm its economy by imposing illegal sanctions and restrictions. The people of Cuba have been resisting these attempts for decades now and have remained confident in their efforts. We have the opportunity to discuss our relationship in all its aspects. Once again, we are delighted to see you. Welcome! To be continued. See also Beginning of the Russian-Cuban expanded-format talks May 9, 2024 Geography Cuba Topics Foreign policy Persons Diaz-Canel Bermudez Miguel Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: May 9, 2024, 14:40 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74001 Text version