Events Meeting with Government members Vladimir Putin held a videoconference meeting with Government members. July 19, 2023 20:45 The Kremlin, Moscow The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Mishustin Mikhail Prime Minister of the Russian Federation , Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Anton Vaino Vaino Anton Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , First Deputy Prime Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei First Deputy Prime Minister , First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Sergei Kiriyenko Kiriyenko Sergei First Deputy Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff Dmitry Grigorenko Grigorenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister – Chief of the Government Staff , Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov Manturov Denis Deputy Prime Minister – Industry and Trade Minister , Deputy Prime Minister – Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District Yury Trutnev Trutnev Yury Deputy Prime Minister – Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District , deputy prime ministers Viktoria Abramchenko Abramchenko Viktoria Deputy Prime Minister , Tatyana Golikova Golikova Tatyana Deputy Prime Minister , Alexander Novak Novak Alexander Deputy Prime Minister , Alexei Overchuk Overchuk Alexei Deputy Prime Minister , Marat Khusnullin Khusnullin Marat Deputy Prime Minister and Dmitry Chernyshenko Chernyshenko Dmitry Deputy Prime Minister , Presidential Aide Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Aide to the President , Minister of Economic Development Maxim Reshetnikov Reshetnikov Maxim Minister of Economic Development and Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov Siluanov Anton Finance Minister . Minister for Civil Defence, Emergencies and Natural Disaster Relief Alexander Kurenkov Kurenkov Alexander Minister for Civil Defence, Emergencies and Natural Disaster Relief , Minister of Natural Resources and Environment Alexander Kozlov Kozlov Alexander Minister of Natural Resources and Environment , Minister of Transport Vitaly Savelyev Savelyev Vitaly Minister of Transport , Minister of Digital Development, Communications and Mass Media Maksut Shadayev Shadayev Maksut Minister of Digital Development, Communications and Mass Media , Governor of the Central Bank Elvira Nabiullina Nabiullina Elvira Governor of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation (Bank of Russia) , Head of the Federal Anti-Monopoly Service Maxim Shaskolsky Shaskolsky Maxim Head of the Federal Anti-Monopoly Service , and CEO and Chairman of the Sberbank Management Board German Gref Gref German Chairman of the Management Board and CEO of Sberbank were also invited to attend the meeting. * * * Excerpts from transcript of videoconference meeting with Government members President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Colleagues, good afternoon. Today we have a very important matter to discuss: the introduction of artificial intelligence in economic sectors. But, as usual, let us begin with current issues, the first one being addressed to Mr Aksyonov: what is the situation like at the training ground in the Kirov District of Crimea? Governor of the Republic of Crimea Sergei Aksyonov Aksyonov Sergei Governor of the Republic of Crimea : Mr President, colleagues, With your permission, Mr President, I will begin my report. At about four in the morning a fire broke out at the military training ground in the Kirov District of the Republic of Crimea. As a consequence, some of the ammunition stored at the site detonated due to the fire. I went to the site, and within an hour we created an emergency operations centre comprising representatives of federal, republican and municipal authorities. On the spot, together with my colleagues, first of all, with law enforcement officers, we fully assessed the situation. After assessing the situation, I made an on-the-spot decision to evacuate the residents of four communities that live within a radius of five kilometres from the epicentre: about 2,200 people in total. (Sergei Aksyonov reported on arranging temporary accommodation and alternative routes in close proximity to the training ground.) Mr President, the situation is fully under control. No deaths, injuries or damage have been reported. I want to thank my colleagues from the federal centre and municipal bodies. Everybody performed their duties. All decisions were taken promptly. Thanks to these measures and your support, the situation will get back to normal within 24 hours. Mr President, no involvement on your side is required. My colleagues and I have everything under control. Vladimir Putin : All right, Mr Aksyonov. We still need to investigate the cause of the fire. As concerns helping people and ensuring their security, you must do everything it takes. I believe it will not take much time. The fire will go out eventually. But for now, it is important to be careful. Thank you. Sergei Aksyonov : We are fulfilling your instruction, Mr President. Vladimir Putin : Thank you. Mr Savelyev, tell us about the current state of affairs in air transportation. Minister of Transport Vitaly Savelyev Savelyev Vitaly Minister of Transport : Thank you. Mr President, colleagues. According to the approved comprehensive development programme for the aviation industry, Russian airlines are expected to carry 101.2 million passengers this year. It should be noted that this performance indicator was set on the condition that the 11 airports located in southern Russia, with passenger traffic of about 19 million per year, would operate. Despite the fact that these 11 airports are still closed, I want to note that we have already carried one million passengers in excess of the number planned to date. The passenger traffic as of the end of the first half of the year totalled 47.5 million, which is almost 18 percent higher than during the same period last year when we carried just over 40 million. I want to emphasise, Mr President, that, based on this workload, we will transport more than 100 million passengers this year and will meet the target even despite the closure of the 11 Russian airports. With these airports also in operation, we would be able to carry around 120 million, a figure comparable to 2019 when, in the absence of any restrictions, our airlines flew all over the world and transported 128 million people. We are close to this number. The high demand for air travel and the current workload indicate that it is necessary to increase the fleet. Therefore, we are looking forward to obtaining more aircraft from our aircraft manufacturers, in accordance with orders placed by airlines. We will certainly benefit from the fleet expansion because the demand is very high. I will report separately on international transportation. As of now, 17 Russian airlines make direct flights to 24 countries. We are also open to international traffic: 52 foreign airlines from 29 countries make flights to Russia. We are working systematically to restore international air traffic. We resumed flights to Georgia on May 19 thanks to your decision, and we are gradually increasing the number of flights. To date, we make 33 flights per week. On June 4, the IrAero airline opened Irkutsk-Hanoi flights to Vietnam, and it makes two flights per week now. We have increased the number of flights to Cuba. In 2022, only one Russian company, Nordwind, made charter flights to Cuba. On July 1, 2023, Rossiya Airlines started flying to the island, and it makes regular flights from Moscow to Varadero twice a week now to meet the increased passenger demand. Thanks to the growth of international traffic, this year we plan to transport about 20 million passengers on international flights. This means that the number of passengers on international flights will increase by 12 percent year on year. Domestic air services remain a priority for us in terms of the number of passengers and the development of domestic tourism. Russian airlines have greatly increased their destination networks in the 2023 summer season. <…> We can meet the current transportation demands thanks to a modern aircraft fleet. We still have 1,166 passenger airliners, including 94 long-distance ones. This is enough to cater for domestic and international travel requirements. Our airlines have the necessary stocks of spare parts and consumable and expendable materials despite the more complicated supply logistics. Maintenance and repair services are provided in Russia by three large, accredited organisations, which have the required number of personnel and the necessary equipment. The standards of flight safety requirements remain invariably high. We are closely monitoring the safety standards of our aircraft pool. The development of domestic travel is unthinkable without the necessary infrastructure. As of now, we are implementing 43 projects within the framework of measures to develop airport infrastructure; 18 of them are scheduled to be completed this year, including 10 runways and eight auxiliary infrastructure facilities. Transport infrastructure is a key driver of the regions’ economic growth. Taking into account the vast territory of our country and the large distances between centres of attraction in the regions, the development of airport infrastructure is one of our priorities. (The minister also reported on the 2023 subsidies to the industry, rising transport prices, and increasing demand for air transportation. Vitaly Savelyev cited the example of the national carrier, Aeroflot. In the first five months of 2023, the airlines has transported 16 million passengers or 23 percent more than in the same period last year. The passenger load factor in the period under review reached a record high figure of 88 percent.) In conclusion, I would like to say that Russia is increasing transportation on domestic and international flights despite the sanction restrictions. The availability of air transport and high service standards are the factors that make travelling with Russian airlines attractive to people. Thank you. This concludes my report. Vladimir Putin: Mr Savelyev, on which flights have ticket prices increased, domestic or international ones? Vitaly Savelyev: They did on some flights. This depends on the demand. Prices have always been higher on international flights because we have to pay in foreign currency for our planes to fly abroad, for example, to Turkiye or the United Arab Emirates. Some routes in Russia enjoy increased demand, which explains the rise in ticket prices for these flights. Overall, we are above plan for international flights now and below plan for domestic flights, just like last year. One of the main reasons is that 11 of our southern airports are currently not operating. Vladimir Putin: You have mentioned the reasons for the growth of tariffs and ticket prices, including logistics reasons and the delivery of the necessary spare parts. Do you remember that I tried to convince you to buy more Russian-made planes when you were the chairman of Aeroflot? There were several heated debates between us then. You reasoned that our Western partners were reliable, that all was well and that they were good people. Today, our aircraft producers cannot increase their production capacities overnight. This will take time, even though there is a demand for their products now, and it is growing. It is one more factor linked to the increase in tariffs. Nevertheless, I very much hope that this problem will be resolved and that transportation requirements will be met through joint work with your colleagues in the industry, the Industry Ministry and sector-specific enterprises. Ms Nabiullina, how are things with the third form of national currency? What are your plans in this department? Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina Nabiullina Elvira Governor of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation (Bank of Russia) : Good afternoon, I think we are talking about the digital ruble. I will now go over the completed phases of the project to create the digital ruble and then outline our further moves. As you may recall, in 2021, we published the concept, discussed it with the market participants, stakeholder ministries and agencies, and experts. In late 2021, we created a digital ruble platform prototype. In 2022, we built the platform. This year, it became commercially available. In other words, we quickly, within two years, built an infrastructure of our own design. This platform relies on a hybrid architecture and combines the advantages provided by a centralised system with the distributed register technology, blockchain. Individuals and legal entities will be able to use this platform to open digital wallets to credit digital rubles. The Bank of Russia is operating this platform meaning that the Bank of Russia is liable for operations with digital rubles and the safety of funds kept in digital wallets. Transactions and digital wallet balances will be protected by bank-client privilege in the same way regular bank accounts are. Last year, we conducted test transactions with 13 banks. In August, we will launch pilot operations with actual digital rubles with the participation of the clients from this pilot group of banks. The digital ruble is the third, additional form of national currency same as cash and non-cash money. All three forms will be equal meaning that one digital ruble will be equal to one cash ruble and one non-cash ruble. It complements the existing payment instruments that we use now. These funds will be used for payments and wire transfers, meaning that deposits or loans in digital rubles will not be available. (Elvira Nabiullina went on to discuss new opportunities offered by the digital ruble. In particular, digital ruble-based transactions will be cost-free for individuals, and businesses will save money on accepting non-cash payments. The head of the Central Bank also spoke about the upcoming digital ruble testing with high-level requirements for information security in mind). Many countries are creating their own national digital currencies. The digital ruble platform capability includes the option for cross-border interaction. Two scenarios are possible here. The first one includes interaction between our platform and the digital currency platform of another country. The second scenario includes the creation of a common clearance centre that can accommodate digital currency platforms from different countries. We are discussing both options with the countries that are willing to be part of this project. After we make sure that everything is working properly, we will decide on additional steps to scale the digital ruble. According to our estimates, this could happen in 2025 or later. Clearly, it will take several years for the digital ruble to become part of our everyday life. The launch of the digital ruble will make Russia one of the first countries with a national digital currency, a national payment card system, its own fast payment system, and its own alternative to SWIFT in the form of the Financial Messaging System. We will continue to introduce low-cost and convenient services for individuals, businesses and the state. To be continued. Topics Economy and finance Persons Aksyonov Sergei Golikova Tatyana Nabiullina Elvira Patrushev Dmitry Reshetnikov Maxim Savelyev Vitaly Shadayev Maksut 3 more Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 19, 2023, 20:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71699 Text version