Events Meeting with Chairman of the National Assembly of Vietnam Tran Thanh Man Vladimir Putin met at the Kremlin with Chairman of the National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam Tran Thanh Man. September 10, 2024 17:15 The Kremlin, Moscow The Russian side was also represented by State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin Volodin Vyacheslav Chairman of the State Duma . Vladimir Putin was briefed about the talks held between Tran Thanh Man and the State Duma Speaker. A discussion was also held in the follow-up to the Russian-Vietnamese talks during the Russian President’s recent visit to Vietnam. * * * Chairman of the National Assembly of Vietnam Tran Thanh Man (retranslated) : I am very glad to meet you after our meeting in June. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Yes. I remember all these meetings and would like to thank you for the warmhearted welcome. I am delighted to see you in Moscow. Tran Thanh Man: People of Vietnam dream of seeing you there many times over. Your recent visit to Vietnam has greatly impressed the Vietnamese. Vladimir Putin: Thank you very much. I remember how warmly I was welcomed in Hanoi in June, like only true friends do. I am confident that the results of my visit to Hanoi will serve to develop our inter-state ties. Please, convey my best regards to the President, Comrade To Lam. I hope that he will be able to accept the invitation to participate in BRICS events in the BRICS+/Outreach format. I know that a strong typhoon has recently hit Vietnam. Please accept our sincere condolences due the tragic consequences of the natural disaster. You have a packed programme of your stay in Russia. We are very glad to see you. Tran Thanh Man: Mr Putin, I am very happy to visit Russia and Moscow again. I remember well the conversation we had during your state visit to Vietnam in June. The General Secretary of the Communist Party of Vietnam passed away in July. Thank you very much for the deep condolences you sent us. I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate you and the Russian people on the successes achieved under your leadership. Russia maintains political and economic stability, its GDP is growing, and Russia is enhancing its role and position in the international arena. We consistently consider Russia to be our primary partner. We would like to intensify cooperation with Russia in all areas for the benefit of the two nations – for peace, stability and development in the region and in the world. <…> See also State visit to Vietnam June 20, 2024 Geography Vietnam Topics Foreign policy Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: September 10, 2024, 17:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75084 Text version