Events Strategic Deterrence Forces exercise Supreme Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Armed Forces Vladimir Putin led a training exercise that involved the forces and resources of the ground, sea and air components of the strategic deterrence forces. October 29, 2024 15:50 The Kremlin, Moscow During the drill, practical launches of both ballistic and cruise missiles were executed. A Yars intercontinental ballistic missile was launched from the Plesetsk state testing cosmodrome, targeting the Kura training ground in Kamchatka. Sineva and Bulava ballistic missiles were launched from the nuclear-powered strategic missile submarine Novomoskovsk in the Barents Sea and from the nuclear-powered submarine Knyaz Oleg in the Sea of Okhotsk. Additionally, Tu-95MC long-range strategic bombers participated in the training, firing air-launched cruise missiles. The practical launches were directed from the National Defence Control Centre of the Russian Federation. During the exercises, the level of preparedness of military command bodies as well as the skills of senior and operational personnel in organising and managing the troops (forces) under their command were assessed. The tasks set for the training of the strategic deterrence forces were fully accomplished, with all missiles successfully hitting their designated targets, thus confirming their performance specifications. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Comrades, good afternoon, Today, we are conducting a regular training exercise for our strategic deterrence forces. This exercise will involve practising the procedures for officials in managing the use of nuclear weapons, including practical launches of ballistic and cruise missiles. I would like to emphasise that Russia reaffirms its principled stance that the use of nuclear weapons is an extreme, exceptional measure for ensuring state security. That said, we fully recognise that the nuclear triad remains a solid pillar of our country's sovereignty and security. It enables us to achieve strategic deterrence objectives and uphold nuclear parity and the balance of power globally, which are key factors underpinning global stability. In light of escalating geopolitical tensions and the emergence of new external threats and risks, it is imperative for us to have modern strategic forces that are in a state of constant combat readiness. We shall continue to enhance all their components, as we possess the necessary resources to do so. I must stress that we do not intend to be drawn into a new arms race; however, we will maintain our nuclear forces at a level of necessary sufficiency. This year, the modernisation of the strategic deterrence forces' arsenal has reached approximately 94 percent. In line with the State Armament Programme, we will progressively transition our strategic missile forces to new fixed-site and mobile missile systems, which, compared to previous generations, are more precise, need less pre-launch time, and what’s crucial, have advanced capability to penetrate missile defence systems. Furthermore, the commissioning of the latest nuclear-powered submarine cruisers into the Navy continues, alongside the modernisation of long-range strategic bombers. These measures are essential for the effective defence of the Russian Federation and our citizens. Let us proceed with our duties. <…> Topics Armed Forces National security Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: October 29, 2024, 15:50 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75432 Text version