Events Meeting of the Russia – Land of Opportunity Supervisory Board Vladimir Putin held a meeting of the Supervisory Board of the Russia – Land of Opportunity autonomous non-profit organisation in the Kremlin’s St Catherine Hall. April 20, 2022 15:10 The Kremlin, Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Friends, colleagues, good afternoon. We are holding a meeting of the Supervisory Board of the Russia – Land of Opportunity autonomous non-profit organisation. It has been operating for four years now, and over this period hundreds of thousands, millions of people have contributed to its work in one way or another. We have people who are directly involved in various initiatives and their implementation – some of them are here in this hall and some will join us via videoconference. This proved to be a highly relevant, interesting and very useful undertaking. It would be no exaggeration to say that these new projects and ideas have been quite popular among hundreds of thousands of people in Russia. Of course, I would like to thank volunteers for proactively contributing to these efforts. I would also like to note that people who share our vision from across 150 countries contributed to this undertaking in various ways. To be honest, this came as a big surprise to me. This means that there are many people out there who are on the same page as us, who want to walk the same path, to seek development opportunities together, to be friends and support each other. This demonstrates, yet again, that we are on the right track. I do not think that I need any lengthy opening remarks. I will pass the floor to our moderator, who heads this organisation [Alexei Komissarov], and afterwards to other participants. I have no doubt that you have things to share with us. For my part, I will do everything I can to answer your questions and support your ideas. You probably have plenty of them, since you are working on specific projects, which is very important. Please, go ahead. To be continued. Topics Social services Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: April 20, 2022, 15:10 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/68250 Text version