Events New Year greetings to foreign heads of state and government Vladimir Putin sent Christmas and New Year 2024 greetings to foreign heads of state and government. December 30, 2023 12:00 In his New Year and Christmas greetings to President of the Republic of Abkhazia Aslan Bzhania Bzhania Aslan President of Abkhazia , Vladimir Putin noted that the allied relations between Russia and Abkhazia have reached a high level, as confirmed by the October meeting in Sochi. He reaffirmed his commitment to expanding constructive cooperation in various spheres and strengthening ties for greater regional security. In his greetings to President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev Aliyev Ilham President of Azerbaijan , Vladimir Putin wrote that in 2023 Russia and Azerbaijan were successful in developing their allied relations, while regular meetings between the two leaders helped achieve mutually beneficial agreements in various areas. He expressed hope that these fruitful joint efforts will continue both in terms of the bilateral agenda and for building stronger peace and security in the South Caucasus and the Caspian Sea region. In his New Year and Christmas greetings to President of the Republic of Armenia Vahagn Khachaturyan and Prime Minister of the Republic of Armenia Nikol Pashinyan Pashinyan Nikol Prime Minister of the Republic of Armenia , Vladimir Putin said that he was confident that steadily developing friendly allied relations and multi-faceted constructive cooperation was fully in line with the interests of our nations. In his New Year and Christmas greetings to President of the Republic of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko Lukashenko Alexander President of Belarus , the Russian leader pointed out that Russia and Belarus worked hand in hand in 2023 to overcome serious challenges and were successful in countering the hostile policies of the collective West, while defending their legitimate interests on the international stage and effectively coordinating their foreign policy efforts. Vladimir Putin went on to emphasise that the two countries strengthened the Union State institutions and laid a solid foundation for further promoting mutually beneficial integration. The Russian President praised the comradely relations forged with Alexander Lukashenko. In the message of greetings to President of the Republic of Kazakhstan Kassym-Jomart Tokayev Tokayev Kassym-Jomart President of the Republic of Kazakhstan , Vladimir Putin stated that 2023 was a fruitful year for Russia-Kazakhstan relations. He highlighted the positive momentum in trade and the successful implementation of joint projects in various sectors. In 2023, the two countries marked the 10 th anniversary of the Agreement between Russia and Kazakhstan on Neighbourly Relations and Alliance in the 21 st Century, and have been consistent in carrying out its provisions, ensuring that the multi-faceted cooperation between them relies on a solid legal foundation. The President of Russia expressed his support for continuing proactive and constructive joint efforts to further expand bilateral ties, as well as cooperating as partners within the EAEU Background information Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU) , the CSTO Background information Collective Security Treaty Organisation (CSTO) , the CIS Background information Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) , the SCO Background information Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) and other multilateral structures. This cooperation serves the interests of the two brotherly nations and contributes to strengthening stability and security across the Eurasian continent. In his New Year greetings to President of the Kyrgyz Republic Sadyr Japarov Japarov Sadyr President of the Kyrgyz Republic , the President of Russia spoke highly of the strategic partnership and alliance between Russia and Kyrgyzstan, noting the positive results of the talks held in Bishkek in October. He expressed confidence that the implementation of the agreements reached would help build up mutually beneficial cooperation in the political, trade, economic, cultural and other spheres and interaction within the framework of the EAEU, the CSTO, the SCO, the CIS and other multilateral organisations. The Russian leader also sent New Year greetings to President of the Republic of Tajikistan Emomali Rahmon Rahmon Emomali President of Tajikistan . In his message, he emphasised the high level of relations between Russia and Tajikistan. He pointed out that the recent bilateral talks created conditions for the further strengthening of Russia-Tajikistan strategic partnership and alliance and mutually beneficial cooperation in the political, trade, economic, cultural and other spheres. He also reaffirmed readiness to further coordinate bilateral efforts at the CIS, the CSTO, the SCO and other multilateral bodies. In his messages to President of Turkmenistan Serdar Berdimuhamedov Berdimuhamedov Serdar President of Turkmenistan and Chairman of the Halk Maslahaty (upper house) of the Milli Gengesh (parliament) of Turkmenistan Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov Berdimuhamedov Gurbanguly , the President of Russia highlighted the progressive development of Russia-Turkmenistan deep strategic partnership in the outgoing year. He noted that the two countries maintained a substantive political dialogue, and that cooperation in the political, trade, economic, scientific, technical, cultural and other spheres brought positive results. He reaffirmed commitment to close and constructive interaction on current bilateral and international issues for the benefit of both nations and for stronger security and stability in Central Asia and the Caspian region. In his New Year greetings to President of the Republic of Uzbekistan Shavkat Mirziyoyev Mirziyoyev Shavkat President of Uzbekistan , Vladimir Putin noted that his recent official visit to Moscow confirmed the stability of Russia-Uzbekistan relations of comprehensive strategic partnership and alliance and was a good opportunity to map out new areas of mutually beneficial cooperation. “I am confident that next year we will continue our constructive dialogue and close interaction towards implementing forward-looking joint projects in various spheres, as well as the coordination of efforts within the framework of the CIS, the SCO and other multilateral organisations, which undoubtedly meets the fundamental interests of our countries’ citizens and is in keeping with the goal of ensuring security, stability and prosperity in the Eurasian space,” reads the message from the President of Russia. The message of greetings to President of the Republic of South Ossetia Alan Gagloev Gagloev Alan President of South Ossetia reads that the friendly and neighbourly relations between the two countries were reaffirmed in the outgoing year and acknowledges the dynamic development of bilateral political dialogue and constructive cooperation in various spheres. The message further reaffirms the readiness to continue enhancing multifaceted cooperation for the benefit of the two fraternal nations. In his greetings to President of the Plurinational State of Bolivia Luis Arce, Vladimir Putin highlighted the friendly nature of Russian-Bolivian relations and expressed confidence that they will continue to develop fruitfully. The Russian leader offered Christmas and New Year greetings to President of the Federative Republic of Brazil Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva Lula da Silva Luiz Inacio President of Brazil , noting that bilateral relations were actively developing in political, trade, economic, humanitarian, and other areas based on the principles of strategic partnership. He expressed confidence that the two countries will continue to consistently strengthen their constructive bilateral ties and effectively coordinate efforts in international affairs, including in the context of Russia’s BRICS Background information BRICS Presidency and Brazil’s G20 Background information Group of Twenty – G20 Presidency in 2024. The President of Russia sent heartfelt greetings on the occasion of the New Year 2024 and the approaching Spring Festival to President of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping Xi Jinping President of People's Republic of China , stressing that the two Russia-China summits held in the outgoing year – the spring summit in Moscow and the autumn summit in Beijing – gave a powerful impetus to the development of comprehensive partnership and strategic interaction between the two countries in all areas. Trade and economic cooperation between the Russian Federation and the People's Republic of China is dynamic: the target of bringing trade to a record level of over US$200 billion was reached ahead of schedule. “The successful implementation of the Cross Years of Physical Fitness and Sport has contributed to a significant expansion of humanitarian ties. Next in line are the Years of Culture between Russia and China: the events planned as part this new large-scale project take on special significance in the context of the upcoming 75 th anniversary of diplomatic relations between the countries,” the President stressed. He expressed confidence that joint efforts will further boost productive bilateral cooperation in all spheres, as well as partnership cooperation in the United Nations, the G20, the SCO and the expanded BRICS association, the chairmanship of which will be assumed by Russia. In congratulatory messages to President of the Republic of Cuba Miguel Diaz-Canel Bermudez Diaz-Canel Bermudez Miguel President of the Republic of Cuba and Army General Raul Castro Castro Raul on the occasion of the Republic's national holiday Liberation Day, as well as Christmas and the coming New Year, Vladimir Putin emphasised that Russian-Cuban relations are based on good traditions of friendship and mutual respect. “Strategic partnership, constructive cooperation in various spheres will continue to develop consistently for the benefit of the friendly peoples of the two countries, in the interests of forming a just democratic world order,” the message reads. In his New Year greetings to Prime Minister of Hungary Viktor Orban Orban Viktor Prime Minister of Hungary , Vladimir Putin emphasised that despite the difficult international situation, last year saw positive dynamics in Russian-Hungarian relations. The President of Russia reaffirmed his commitment to continuing constructive and pragmatic interaction, allowing for the implementation of important joint economic projects, which fully meets the interests of the Russian and Hungarian nations. The messages addressed to President of the Republic of India Droupadi Murmu and Prime Minister of the Republic of India Narendra Modi Modi Narendra Prime Minister of India note that, despite the difficult international situation, the special and privileged strategic partnership between Russia and India continues to develop dynamically: in the outgoing year, trade has been growing at an exceptionally high rate and joint projects in various areas have been successfully implemented. Vladimir Putin praised the results of India’s chairmanship of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation and the G20 and stressed his conviction that Moscow and New Delhi will continue to develop multifaceted bilateral ties and effectively coordinate efforts to strengthen security and stability at the regional and global levels. Addressing President of the Lao People’s Democratic Republic Thongloun Sisoulith, the Russian President noted the high level of the Russian-Lao strategic partnership, which was fully confirmed by the October meeting in Beijing and expressed readiness for further joint work to promote bilateral cooperation in all areas. “We expect the Lao chairmanship of ASEAN Background information Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) in the coming year to create conditions for stepping up cooperation between this authoritative regional organisation and our country,” the President of Russia stressed in his message. In his New Year and Christmas greetings to President of the Republic of Nicaragua Daniel Ortega, Vladimir Putin expressed confidence that the fruitful development of strategic partnership between Russia and Nicaragua will stay on course for the benefit of the two friendly nations and in the interests of building a just multipolar world order. The President sent Christmas and New Year greetings to His Holiness Pope Francis, noting his commitment to humanistic values and justice, and also expressing hope that the Pope will continue promoting peace, accord and mutual understanding among nations through his unrelenting efforts. In the greetings to President of the Republic of Serbia Aleksandar Vucic Vucic Aleksandar President of the Republic of Serbia , Vladimir Putin emphasised that, despite the challenging international environment, Russia’s relations with Serbia, based on centuries-old traditions of friendship and spiritual affinity, are developing in a constructive direction. The President reaffirmed his readiness to continue the dialogue and effective work on topical bilateral, regional, and international matters. Addressing President of the Republic of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa Ramaphosa Cyril President of the Republic of South Africa , Vladimir Putin wrote that the Russian Federation and South Africa enjoy friendly and constructive relations, as confirmed by the second Russia–Africa Summit . “I expect us to continue steadily expanding our mutually beneficial cooperation in various areas. We attach special importance to coordinating our efforts within BRICS. Russia intends to rely on South Africa’s best practices as we assume the chairmanship of this prominent and now expanded international association,” the President said in his message. Vladimir Putin used his holiday message to President of the Syrian Arab Republic Bashar al-Assad al-Assad Bashar President of Syria to reaffirm Russia’s continued commitment to facilitating a lasting and comprehensive settlement and post-conflict recovery in Syria. The Russian leader also expressed confidence that further efforts to forge closer friendship and cooperation serve the core interests of the Russian and Syrian people. The President of Russia also sent New Year greetings to President of the Republic of Turkiye Recep Tayyip Erdogan Erdogan Recep Tayyip President of Türkiye , emphasising that Russia and Turkiye have been quite effective in developing their multi-faceted cooperation recently. The two countries worked together on major energy and infrastructure projects and facilitated efforts to settle regional conflicts. In 2024, Moscow and Ankara will continue expanding their political dialogue and productive cooperation in multiple spheres, which is expected to benefit their friendly nations and contribute to strengthening security and stability on the Eurasian continent. In his message to President of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro Maduro Nicolas President of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela , the Russian leader stressed that friendly interstate relations were at a high level. He advocated for the continuation of constructive dialogue and joint work to promote the Russian-Venezuelan strategic partnership in all areas, which undoubtedly meets the fundamental interests of the two nations. In his greetings on the New Year 2024 and the traditional Tet holiday to General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam Nguyen Phu Trong and President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam Vo Van Thuong, Vladimir Putin noted that Russian-Vietnamese relations, based on long-standing traditions of friendship and mutual respect, are at a high level, with a meaningful bilateral dialogue maintained and constructive cooperation expanding in various fields. He expressed confidence that in the coming year, the comprehensive strategic partnership between Moscow and Hanoi will develop fruitfully for the benefit of both nations and in the interests of ensuring regional stability and security. In addition, Vladimir Putin extended Christmas and New Year greetings to several former foreign heads of state and government, in particular, Robert Kocharyan, Nursultan Nazarbayev Nazarbayev Nursultan , Serzh Sargsyan Sargsyan Serzh , Nicolas Sarkozy Sarkozy Nicolas and Gerhard Schröder. Topics Foreign policy Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: December 30, 2023, 12:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73197 Text version