Events Greetings to the military personnel and veterans of the Special Operations Forces February 27, 2024 00:00 The Supreme Commander-in-Chief made a video address to congratulate the military personnel and veterans on the Special Operations Forces on their professional holiday. President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Comrades, Congratulations on your professional holiday: Special Operations Forces’ Day. I thank all the personnel and veterans for their honest, conscientious military service and personal courage, for their loyalty to their oath and duty. Special words of gratitude to the soldiers who participate in the special military operation. You fulfil your tasks with honour and act courageously, competently, and decisively in the most dangerous areas, on the frontline, deep behind enemy lines, and in raids and rapid attacks. These high qualities and special training have always distinguished the soldiers and commanders of the Special Operations Forces. The decision to create them was dictated by the times and the need to effectively respond to new challenges. You passed through the formative period in a short time and with flying colours, ensuring the continuity and development of the unique traditions of the domestic special forces, worthily going through baptism of fire, and becoming a powerful striking force of our Army. Special Operations Forces’ units have proven in practice that they are ready, at the first order, to defend the Motherland and protect Russia’s national interests anywhere in the world. You defended the people of Crimea and Sevastopol from the threats of nationalists and punitive forces, performed brilliantly in the fight against terrorism in Syria, and today you are showing examples of heroism and courage in battles against neo-Nazis. We will continue to strengthen the Special Operations Forces, increase their mobility and strike potential, equip them with cutting-edge weapons and gear. Let me emphasise that this is a key priority for the long-term development of the Army and Navy. Friends, Units of the Special Operations Forces are always on duty. I believe that you will reach new heights both in combat training and in military affairs, and I am confident that you will make a significant contribution to the defence of Russia, to ensuring the security of our Motherland and our people. Once again thank you for your service. I wish the personnel and veterans of the Special Operations Forces good health and success, and well-being to your loved ones. Congratulations! Topics Armed Forces Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: February 27, 2024, 00:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73570 Text version