Events Telephone conversation with President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan Vladimir Putin had a telephone conversation with President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan. March 6, 2022 14:45 Vladimir Putin informed Recep Tayyip Erdogan Erdogan Recep Tayyip President of Turkey on the progress of the special military operation to defend Donbass, set forth the underlying approaches and assessments in this context, and outlined the main goals and objectives of the operation. He emphasised that the special operation was proceeding according to plan and within the agreed timeframe. At the same time, the Russian Armed Forces are making every effort to spare the lives and ensure the safety of civilians and are carrying out pinpoint strikes exclusively at military infrastructure facilities. Against this backdrop, the actions of nationalist and neo-Nazi units, which continue intensive shelling of Donbass and the use of civilians, including foreigners who have actually been taken hostage, as human shields in Ukrainian cities and towns, demonstrate particular cruelty and cynicism. Russia’s readiness for dialogue with the Ukrainian authorities and with foreign partners to resolve the conflict has been reaffirmed. At the same time, Vladimir Putin underscored the futility of any attempts to drag out the negotiating process, something the Ukrainian security forces are doing to regroup their forces and weapons. In this regard, he emphasised that the special operation can only be suspended if Kiev ceases hostilities and fulfills Russia’s requirements, of which Ukraine is perfectly aware. The parties expressed hope Ukrainian representatives would show a more constructive approach during the next round of planned negotiations, fully taking into account existing realities. The Presidents of Russia and Turkey agreed on the importance of maintaining contacts between the two countries’ diplomatic and military agencies. Vladimir Putin reaffirmed Russia’s readiness to provide all the necessary assistance for the safe evacuation of Turkish citizens from the combat areas. The parties underlined a mutual commitment to continue mutually beneficial bilateral trade and economic cooperation. It was revealing that Recep Tayyip Erdogan gave a critical assessment of the rampant discrimination campaign against Russian culture and its representatives, which is now gaining momentum in a number of Western states. The parties agreed to maintain close contacts at various levels. Geography Turkey Topics Foreign policy Persons Erdogan Recep Tayyip Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: March 6, 2022, 14:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/67917 Text version