Events Congratulations on the occasion of Defender of the Fatherland Day In a video address, Vladimir Putin congratulated veterans, military and civilian personnel of the Armed Forces and all Russian citizens on this holiday. February 23, 2023 00:00 Congratulations on the occasion of Defender of the Fatherland Day. President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Comrade officers, veterans, Please accept my greetings on this holiday, Defender of the Fatherland Day! This national holiday epitomises the heroic history of our Army and Navy and the unbreakable link connecting all generations of defenders of the Fatherland. It embodies our deep gratitude to the faithful sons and daughters of the Fatherland, to all those who did not spare themselves as they fought the enemy defending their native land and their people, underwent trials with honour and emerged as a victor, and who crushed foreign invasions. So it was at Lake Chudskoye and on Kulikovo Field, near Poltava and Borodino, and in the victorious May of 1945. On this day, deep respect and the warmest words go to our dear veterans who defeated Nazism and upheld the freedom and independence of the Motherland. Your feats during the Great Patriotic War will forever remain in the historical memory of our people as a vivid example of patriotism and courage and will serve as an inexhaustible source of spiritual strength. The current generation of Russian soldiers and officers preserves and enhances the military traditions of their grandfathers and great-grandfathers. I would like to extend my heartfelt greetings on this holiday to our military personnel, volunteers, mobilised citizens, and specialists in various professions who are participating in the special military operation. Our troops are heroically fighting the neo-Nazism that has taken root in Ukraine, protecting our people in our historical lands, and are fighting courageously and heroically. Comrade officers, Modern and efficient Army and Navy are a guarantee of the country's security and sovereignty, and a guarantee of its stable development and its future. That is why, as before, we will give priority attention to strengthening our defence capability. Relying on actual combat experience, we will pursue balanced and high-quality development of all components of the Armed Forces, improve the system for training units. A solid foundation here is the soldiers, sergeants and officers who showed their worth in combat on the frontline. We will continue to supply advanced equipment to our troops, including new strike systems, reconnaissance and communications equipment, drones and artillery systems. Our industry is quickly increasing the production of the entire range of conventional weapons and preparing for mass production of advanced models of equipment for the Army and Navy, as well as the Aerospace Forces. As before, we will put our focus on strengthening the nuclear triad. This year, the first Sarmat missile system launchers with the new heavy missile will be put on combat duty. We will continue full production of the Kinzhal air-launched hypersonic systems and begin mass deployment of Tsirkon sea-launched hypersonic missiles. With the Borei-A nuclear-powered submarine Emperor Alexander III becoming operational in the Navy, the share of modern weapons and equipment in the naval strategic nuclear forces will reach 100 percent. In the coming years, three more cruisers from this project will be delivered to the Navy. Friends, Our people believe in you, the defenders of Russia, in your reliability, resolve and devotion to the Fatherland and the oath. Millions of people are following their hearts as they help our frontline soldiers, and this unbreakable unity is the key to our victory. Once again, happy holiday! I wish you good health and every success in serving the Motherland, and well-being to your families and friends. Topics Armed Forces Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: February 23, 2023, 00:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70575 Text version