Events Meeting on the progress of the Moscow – St Petersburg high-speed rail project Vladimir Putin arrived in Verkhnyaya Pyshma, Sverdlovsk Region, where he visited the Ural Locomotives plant and held a meeting on the progress of the Moscow – St Petersburg high-speed rail project. February 15, 2024 22:00 Verkhnyaya Pyshma Before the meeting, the President toured the electric train assembly complex of the Ural Locomotives plant, which is part of the Sinara Group. The President was accompanied by Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov Manturov Denis Deputy Prime Minister – Industry and Trade Minister , Plenipotentiary Presidential Envoy to the Urals Federal District Vladimir Yakushev Yakushev Vladimir Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Urals Federal District and Presidential Aide Maxim Oreshkin Oreshkin Maxim Aide to the President . Explanations were provided by President of the Sverdlovsk Region Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs Dmitry Pumpyansky, President of the Sinara Group Mikhail Khodorovsky and Director General of the Sinara Group Viktor Lesh. Vladimir Putin was shown the main carriage elements of the new Russian high-seed trains and finished products, in particular, the head carriage of the all-Russian new generation Finist high-speed train (an analogue of Lastochka). The President also saw a model of a future 8-carriage high-speed train. Vladimir Putin also had the opportunity to sit at the wheel of a trolleybuses, the latest municipal vehicle produced by the Sinara – Transport Machines Holding. See also All news about the trip to the Sverdlovsk Region February 15, 2024 The Ural Locomotives plant manufactures equipment for both passenger and freight transportation, such as the Granit and Sinara DC freight locomotives, as well as the new Malakhit mainline electric freight locomotive. The staff of the Ural Locomotives plant is working on a driverless train in collaboration with Russian Railways. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Good afternoon, colleagues. Today we will talk about the construction of a high-speed rail line, specifically the start of this project. This is actually a pilot project, starting with the construction of the Moscow – St Petersburg line at the first stage. This project will become, or rather must become the first stage in the development of high-speed rail transportation in Russia. It represents a fundamentally different level of technology and transport services, offering modern jobs, advanced competencies and new opportunities for our citizens and regions. I want to add that mere readiness to undertake such highly complicated projects and the ability to successfully implement them are indicators of our advanced technology, science, workforce and industrial potential. This also includes new skills, and I can see that we are close to applying them. Let me reiterate that the construction of a high-speed railway between Moscow and St Petersburg is just the beginning. In the future, we plan to build similar railways connecting Ryazan, Kazan, Yekaterinburg, Adler and the capital of Belarus, Minsk. This is a logical and feasible progression. As for Minsk, we discussed this project with President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko and he supported it. The establishment of designated high-speed routes will significantly increase railway capacity and alleviate passenger congestion at airports, contributing to the growth of domestic tourism and businesses. For quite some time now, we have been discussing and analysing various approaches to the construction of the Moscow – St Petersburg high-speed railway. (Addressing Sberbank Russia CEO German Gref). Isn’t that right, Mr Gref? We have been discussing this for a long time, even when we were still working in St Petersburg. Today, I would like to hear your proposals on funding sources and mechanisms, as well as proposals regarding the timeframe and stages of work, including conditions for attracting investors and our development institutions. I would like to stress that all these issues and potential risks must be thoroughly considered and calculated well in advance. What else deserves our attention? As we implement the project and develop the necessary infrastructure and rolling stock, it is imperative that we rely on domestic technologies. We have just discussed this with the shareholders and management of the plant during my visit. Overall, they are ready. (Addressing Dmitry Pumpyansky, President of the Sverdlovsk Region Union of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs.) Is that correct, Mr Pumpyansky? Dmitry Pumpyansky : Yes, Mr President, we are ready. Vladimir Putin : Good. Today at Ural Locomotives, I saw the progress they have made over the past few years. Their engineering centre showcased what they have achieved and what they are ready to do in the nearest future. So, the groundwork has been done. The plant has successfully designed and manufactured state-of-the-art railway equipment, electric locomotives and trains. They use Russian materials and components that are fitted with Russian software. The plant already has sufficient capacity to set up serial production and manufacture high-speed trains. I would like to emphasise that this is a highly important technological project for national engineering. This extensive, long-term and technologically complex high-speed rail programme will involve tens, if not hundreds, of teams, research institutes, and contractors across the country. Therefore, we need to start making arrangements for smooth cooperation and building effective production chains right now. Furthermore, it is essential to coordinate the details of the Moscow-St Petersburg high-speed railway project with the regions that the railway will be crossing. I would like to ask the heads of these regions to take a responsible approach to the tasks under this project. The project will include six regions: the cities of Moscow and St Petersburg, the Leningrad, Novgorod, Tver and Moscow regions. Combined, these regions are home to approximately 30 million people, or 20 percent of Russia’s population. Overall, I hope that the regional authorities, federal agencies, Russian Railways and other leading companies and businesses will take an active interest and actively participate in our collaborative efforts. I would like to emphasise once again that following our meeting, we must make concrete decisions that will enable us to start work as soon as possible. As far as I understand – our colleagues, the Transport Minister and the head of Russian Railways may want to add something – we need to expand the capacity on the Oktyabrskaya Railway anyway, right? This is necessary to ensure smooth cargo transit at the required speed along this important route. This in itself will require considerable funding – about half a trillion. (Addressing Oleg Belozerov, Russian Railways CEO – Chairman of the Executive Board.) Is that correct, Mr Belozerov? Oleg Belozerov : Yes, Mr President, 580 billion. Vladimir Putin : Well, that is more than half a trillion rubles. Therefore, what we are talking about here is not a joke or a whim. Developing this segment of the Russian railway network is unavoidable, and it requires a businesslike approach to ensure that this work, this comprehensive project, is executed in the best possible way. We must prioritise the cargo segment, followed by the utilisation of the existing railways and the addition of the high-speed segment. Mr Savelyev, I would like to invite you to speak first as the Minister of Transport. <… > Geography Sverdlovsk Region Topics Industry Regions Transport Persons Belozerov Oleg Gref German Savelyev Vitaly Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: February 15, 2024, 22:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73467 Text version