Events Meeting with Energy Minister Sergei Tsivilev Vladimir Putin held a working meeting with Energy Minister Sergei Tsivilev to discuss the fuel and energy sector. October 1, 2024 17:15 The Kremlin, Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Good afternoon, Mr Tsivilev. I hope you have settled into your new role by now. You have an extensive background as the head of one of Russia’s most developed – in terms of energy – regions. This concerns the coal industry in the first place. Nevertheless, you have had the opportunity to familiarise yourself with all the details and aspects of this work, which is undoubtedly one of Russia’s key and strategic areas. I understand we are going to discuss the progress made, right? Please, go ahead. Minister of Energy Sergei Tsivilev Tsivilev Sergei Minister of Energy of the Russian Federation : Thank you very much, Mr President. Indeed, for over six years I’ve been heading Kuzbass, and this experience has been very helpful. On top of that, I chaired the State Council Commission on Energy for five years and headed the Siberian Agreement, which comprises ten Siberian regions, for two years, so I certainly do have some previous experience. Over the first six months of this year, Russia’s fuel and energy complex has, in general, coped with the tasks that you set for us. We made sure that the domestic market is filled with the essentials. We are active in exports and have accomplished quite a lot despite the sanctions pressure. However, I must admit we faced a number of challenges this summer caused by power outages, which were a concern for the people, especially in southern Russia. The outages were caused by three factors. The first one is quite pleasant and positive: we saw a major surge in the number of tourists, which is a welcome change. The other two factors are negative. First, the hot weather in southern Russia this year and second, a higher than usual incidence of emergency situations. We analysed all of that and decided that in southern Russia… we are now getting ready for the winter season, but we will also prepare for the summer season in southern Russia in due time to avoid such situations in the future. Vladimir Putin: Temperature patterns have changed. Sergei Tsivilev: True. It is a different pattern from one year to the next. So we should be proactive and set the bar higher for the temperature pattern forecasts. To be continued. Topics Energy Persons Tsivilev Sergei Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: October 1, 2024, 17:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75241 Text version