Events Greetings to 7th Eastern Economic Forum Vladimir Putin sent a message of greetings to participants, organizers, and guests of the 7 th Eastern Economic Forum. August 29, 2022 15:00 The message reads, in part: “The Forum enjoys a high level of international prestige and significantly contributes to building business ties between Russia and the countries of the Asia-Pacific region. It is instrumental in attracting investment and technological innovations, as well as more fully unlocking the rich economic and social potential of the Russian Far East. The main theme of this year’s Forum – ‘On the Path to a Multipolar World’ – seems particularly relevant and significant. The obsolete unipolar model is being replaced by a new world order based on the fundamental principles of justice and equality, as well as the recognition of the right of each state and people to their own sovereign path of development. Powerful political and economic centres are taking shape right here in the Asia-Pacific region, acting as a driving force in this irreversible process. Russian and foreign politicians and businessmen, experts and public figures will discuss a wide range of issues related to the prospects for intensifying trade, investment, scientific, and humanitarian cooperation. It is important that commercial contracts and long-term agreements are expected to be signed during the Forum with the participation of business circles and the regional authorities. We are glad to note that direct bilateral cooperation with Asia-Pacific nations as well as their cooperation within the framework of such influential associations as the Eurasian Economic Community, the SCO, BRICS, APEC, and ASEAN is growing stronger and gaining momentum. Russia is ready to continue, along with all interested partners, to make efforts to improve regional cooperation in various formats.” Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: August 29, 2022, 15:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69225 Text version