Events Visit to Youth Centre Vladimir Putin visited the Youth Centre project area at the Manezh Central Exhibition Hall and took part in the New Year Tree of Wishes charity campaign. December 22, 2022 15:45 Moscow Accompanied by Governor of the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Area and Chairman of the State Council Commission on Youth Policy Dmitry Artyukhov Artyukhov Dmitry Governor of the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Area and Head of the Federal Agency for Youth Affairs Ksenia Razuvayeva, the President learned about key youth policy projects presented by the Youth Centre. More than 25,000 people aged 14 to 35 participated in the projects. The President toured the Russia – Land of Opportunity display showcasing some 26 projects aimed at creating favourable conditions for the self-realisation of children and young people. The next display presented the Different Story project – an aggregator app for getting rewards such as foreign study trips, tickets, and other trips for completing tasks. Vladimir Putin stopped at the Russian Movement of Children and Youth booth, Movement of The First , where he was updated on the results of its first congress on December 18–20. The same booth presents volunteer projects, including the New Year Tree of Wishes nationwide charity campaign. The President joined the campaign again by picking three baubles with cards where children wrote their New Year's wishes. The President also visited the #WeAreTogether display, which presents, in particular, the Russian Popular Front’s Everything for Victory project. Anyone can join this project to help the special military operation participants and their families, residents of Donbass, or refugees by recording a video address, becoming a blood donor, sending humanitarian aid, or sewing items for military personnel. Concluding his tour of the exhibition area, Vladimir Putin looked at the Youth of Russia and Student Space displays dedicated to the Your Move contest and the More Than a Journey project. Topics Children Social services Persons Artyukhov Dmitry Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: December 22, 2022, 15:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/70167 Text version