Events Meeting on creating a network of up-to-date campuses During his visit to the RUSSIA EXPO International Forum and Exhibition at VDNKh, the President examined the layout of the campus of the National Research Moscow State University of Civil Engineering under construction and held a meeting, via videoconference, on the progress of the federal project to create a network of up-to-date campuses. February 1, 2024 19:00 Moscow Ahead of the meeting, the head of state was shown a model of the internationally recognised campus of the Moscow State University of Civil Engineering. The university is expected to become a centre for the strategic development of science and education in the construction sector, housing and utilities, as well as a design, civil society and business cluster. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Colleagues, good afternoon. Welcome everyone. Those present here have seen me meeting with young people, schoolkids and teenagers from the Movement of the First. Today is the last day of their congress. It got me thinking how demographers project that the number of young people in Russia will grow without interruption for more than a decade. Very soon, children who are 10–12 years old today will enroll in vocational schools and universities. And, of course, we need to be working right now, today, to provide them with expansive, qualitatively different conditions to achieve their potential, a successful career and life progress, so that they become true professionals in their field, and have reliable values and moral guidance. This is, without exaggeration, a strategic goal for the entire nation. This is why we are implementing several large projects to develop educational infrastructure together with the regions and businesses. Large companies are not only involved in the federal programme to build campuses; they finance the construction of advanced educational research infrastructure of higher education. This is a good example of public-private partnership to develop the intellectual potential of the country’s workforce. Today we will begin our meeting with the opening ceremony for new educational buildings, dormitories, laboratories, and universities in several Russian regions. Almetyevsk, Kogalym, Ufa, as well as Moscow are in touch with us now. To be continued . See also Closing ceremony of the 2nd Congress of the Movement of the First February 1, 2024 Topics Universities Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: February 1, 2024, 19:00 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73363 Text version