Events Meeting with Volgograd Region Governor Andrei Bocharov Vladimir Putin heard, via videoconference, the report of Volgograd Region Governor Andrei Bocharov on topical issues of the socioeconomic situation in the region. April 15, 2024 15:05 The Kremlin, Moscow Andrei Bocharov Bocharov Andrei Governor of Volgograd Region reported that the socioeconomic situation in the Volgograd Region was stable. Plans and development programmes are being implemented, and a solid foundation has been created to address the tasks set in the Presidential Address to the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation. The Volgograd Region is ready to carry out large-scale tasks. According to the Governor, social commitments are being met in full. Support is provided to families with children, people with disabilities, and the elderly. The absolute priority is to support the participants in the special military operation and their family members. Today, there are 35 regional support measures in effect in the Volgograd Region. The Governor highlighted a number of issues that he believed required additional work. The region has decided to provide vehicles to the participants in the special military operation who sustained a wound or orthopaedic injury during combat operations but are medically fit to drive a vehicle. Those who are not able to do that will be provided with a social taxi when needed. According to Andrei Bocharov, this support measure should extend to the entire territory of Russia. In addition, he drew attention to Russian Law No. 125 of 1998, which provides for support measures to purchase vehicles by employees who have been registered as disabled or got a disease in connection with their occupation at enterprises, but, unfortunately, that law does not stipulate for similar support measures for participants in combat operations, for military personnel. Andrei Bocharov also stressed that the Volgograd Region decided to provide free vehicles not just to the participants in the special military operation but to all combat veterans. All combat veterans will be provided with a vehicle as a social taxi if they are unable to get around on their own. Andrei Bocharov drew the President’s attention to another issue related to the rehabilitation, recovery, and medical care for the participants in the special military operation. The Volgograd Region has adopted a decision to create a modern rehabilitation and recovery centre that involves leading medical, social, and physical fitness and sports institutions. According to the Governor, a large full-scale centre for rehabilitation and support will be created in the region in the next five to seven years, which will deal, among other things, with provision of employment for the participants in the special military operation and their family members. In this context, Mr Bocharov considers it important to make a decision on creating inter-regional or district rehabilitation and recovery centres that will have medical and rehabilitation equipment matching the latest standards as well as the best specialists. In these centres, the participants in the special military operation, combat veterans and their family members could undergo rehabilitation and recovery regardless of the region of residence. The Volgograd Region is ready to take part in this work, Mr Bocharov emphasised. In terms of the region’s economy, the situation is stable, with companies and organisations in the real economy building up the scale and range of production, entering new markets and occupying strong positions. The gross regional product demonstrates positive dynamics. The Volgograd Region budget is stable. The region is fully implementing the tasks set by the President in both the industrial and agro-industrial sectors. The President noted that industrial production is really growing and the region maintains the same level of agricultural production and investment. However, the birth rate in the region has decreased twofold compared to the national average. Mr Bocharov said the region is considering additional support measures to resolve this demographic problem. The President pointed to the high share of dilapidated housing in the region. The Governor explained that the second part of the relevant programme is supposed to be completed in 2025 but the region will try to do this sooner. The region is working with the Government of the Russian Federation with a view to taking part in a new programme. Vladimir Putin also said that he looked through the documents provided by the Governor on bridge crossings and on military-patriotic work, adding that he will instruct the Government to study these issues and support the region. Andrei Bocharov emphasised that on the whole, the region has set itself large-scale, ambitious tasks with a lot of complicated and hard work ahead that will require mobilisation of forces and funds to accomplish them. In this regard, he asked the President to support his decision to run for Governor of the Volgograd Region in 2024. Vladimir Putin confirmed that the region has really done much and wished Mr Bocharov good luck, emphasising the need to work with local residents to show the results of what has been done and to determine priorities for the near future through a direct dialogue. Geography Volgograd Region Topics Armed Forces Economy and finance Regions Social services Persons Bocharov Andrei Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: April 15, 2024, 15:05 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73864 Text version