Events Meeting with Acting Governor of the Tambov Region Maxim Yegorov Acting Governor of the Tambov Region Maxim Yegorov reported to the President on the socioeconomic situation in the region and its development priorities. August 16, 2022 13:45 Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow Region Maxim Yegorov Yegorov Maxim Acting Head of the Tambov Region Administration began by discussing the issues related to humanitarian aid for Donbass and accommodating Ukrainian refugees in the Tambov Region. He said the region has already received about 2,500 refugees. Over a hundred of them have been given jobs at regional companies. The region’s health centres for children have hosted 182 children from the Lugansk and Donetsk people’s republics. Mr Yegorov informed the President about the implementation of cooperation agreement with the Novoaydar District of the Lugansk People’s Republic. Under the agreement, Tambov professionals – builders, utilities managers and administrators are permanently working in the sponsored territory. They are helping to repair a number of schools, installing new equipment and providing textbooks in line with Russian standards, and organising retraining courses for teachers. They are preparing the utilities infrastructure for the autumn and winter seasons. In addition, specialists from the Tambov Region are taking part in ensuring food security, controlling the harvesting campaign and working with agriculture processing companies in the Novoaydar District. Mr Yegorov then described the socioeconomic development of the Tambov Region. He reported to the President that the situation with the spread of the coronavirus remains stable. There are enough hospital beds in the region and their number can be increased in one day if necessary. The region has fully met the demand for medical workers and medications. Over 70 percent of the adult population has been vaccinated. Regarding the economic situation, the Acting Governor noted that the main macroeconomic indicators are steadily demonstrating positive dynamics. To achieve this, the region adopted a number of additional measures to support various economic sectors. Mr Yegorov emphasised that the agro-industrial sector accounts for one third of the GRP. The Tambov Region has already collected over 2 million tonnes of grain and expects to collect a gross grain harvest of at least 4 million tonnes this year. The region is second in Russia in meat animal farming. It is developing its food and processing industries. The region is maintaining its lead in the production of flour and grain crops, meat, sugar and vegetable oil. Maxim Yegorov said the Tambov Region accounts for a substantial share of the industrial production in some categories of goods. The region produces 100 percent of Russia’s organic pigments, dyes and optical bleaching agents, 73 percent of individual protective gear for the public and workers, and 40 percent of all cement chipboard and frame-panel housing construction. And IT is very important to the region’s economic development. The Acting Governor said the region’s priority is to preserve jobs and create new ones. The region will have over 2,500 vacancies before the end of the year. The region is carrying out 12 major investment projects with the total investment of 128 billion rubles. They include reconstruction of the sugar plant in Kirsanov, which will become one of the biggest in Eurasia. Another project is a new greenhouse complex for year-round vegetable growing with an annual capacity of up to 100,000 tonnes. Mr Yegorov reported to the President on the construction and repair of schools. Regarding healthcare, he said the shortage of doctors is one of the main problems. The region is implementing the Rural Doctor and Rural Paramedic programmes to resolve it. A programme for providing doctors with housing will start next year. In general, the region is implementing national projects, building new schools, hospitals and roads. Landscaping is underway. The region is paying special attention to the quality of life in rural areas. The Acting Governor mentioned a number of problems in the region. One is related to the lack of public transport, especially in rural areas, and the shortage of road-building and utility equipment. He emphasised that for 11 years now, the Tambov Region has been Russia’s cleanest area in a number of environmental rankings, and that’s why it needs new transit vehicles that use eco-friendly gas engine fuel. The second problem is high-quality drinking water. The region needs to completely rebuild its water distribution system because the utility infrastructure is old and weak, but the region does not have the money for that. Mr Yegorov also recalled the need to build an indoor track in Tambov. He addressed the President with a request to allocate federal funding for these three goals. In addition, Mr Yegorov invited the President to attend the festivities to mark the 150 th birth anniversary of the great Russian composer Sergei Rachmaninoff next year. Vladimir Putin noted that the region is doing a good job in most major areas. Industrial production, agriculture and construction are steadily growing; the number of services is increasing; and the unemployment rate is lower than the national average. The President said he made several notes for himself, and he promised to send information to the Government, for instance, on the quality of drinking water, the availability and purchase of public transit vehicles, including buses for rural areas, as well as road-building and utility equipment. The President suggested that the Acting Governor discuss these problems with the Government, and he promised to issue the relevant instructions. He wished the Acting Governor success. Geography Tambov Region Topics Economy and finance Regions Social services Persons Yegorov Maxim Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: August 16, 2022, 13:45 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69169 Text version