Events Meeting with President of Turkiye Recep Tayyip Erdogan Vladimir Putin met with President of the Republic of Turkiye Recep Tayyip Erdogan on the sidelines of the Astana troika summit. July 19, 2022 19:20 Tehran Beginning of Russia-Turkiye talks President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr President, I am very glad to see you. We haven’t met for almost a whole year. President of the Republic of Turkiye Recep Tayyip Erdogan Erdogan Recep Tayyip President of Türkiye (retranslated) : We often talk by telephone. Vladimir Putin : This is true, and this is very good. Our colleagues also keep in touch all the time. Our relations are making headway regardless of everything. Trade is growing and at a fast pace. I am very glad that we have an opportunity to hold a bilateral meeting on the sidelines of our Astana summit. We have a lot of issues to discuss. I would like to thank you for your mediation efforts, for granting a Turkish platform for talks on food problems, on the export of grain via the Black Sea. We made progress with your mediation. True, not all problems have yet been resolved, but there is progress and that is good enough. Of course, we have many issues on the Syrian settlement. But promising, large-scale bilateral projects are also making headway. Of course, another big issue – settlement of the Karabakh problem – is at the centre of our attention. Recently, I met with the President of Azerbaijan at the Caspian summit. He sent his best wishes to you. We have a very big agenda. I am very happy to see you. Recep Tayyip Erdogan : I would also like to thank you very much. We continued our diplomacy over the telephone – this is a big plus for us. Today, we are meeting here in the Astana format, and this is, of course, an even bigger plus. We also met with our friends here. Today, we have a very big, extensive agenda. I believe Russia will continue playing its constructive role in the framework of this mediation mission. Russia took a very positive and constructive position at the recent talks in Istanbul. Obviously, the entire world will discuss the results we achieve after these talks. I would like to thank you again on behalf of our delegation. I hope our talks will be productive. Vladimir Putin : Thank you. <…> See also Meeting with President of Iran Sayyid Ebrahim Raisi July 19, 2022 Geography Türkiye Topics Foreign policy Persons Erdogan Recep Tayyip Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: July 19, 2022, 19:20 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/69033 Text version