Events Presenting Gold Star medals to Heroes of Russia The Supreme Commander-in-Chief presented Gold Star medals of the Hero of Russia to participants in the special military operation who distinguished themselves in combat operations. The ceremony was held at the National Defence Control Centre. December 19, 2023 17:10 Moscow President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Comrade officers, The high title of Hero of the Russian Federation has been conferred on you for your valiant achievements in combat operations. I am pleased to present these state decorations to you today. During the special military operation, you are fighting on the front line. In the most difficult areas, you acted professionally, courageously, shoulder to shoulder with your comrades-in-arms – motorised riflemen, marines, special operations soldiers, tank crews, paratroopers, assault unit soldiers, pilots, representatives of all branches of the armed forces. I thank you and your fellow soldiers, because without them you probably would not have been able to be where you needed to be and do what you did. I thank you for your bravery and fortitude. Our entire country, all our citizens are proud of you and trust in you. You have to operate in difficult combat situations and overcome serious trials. But I know your commitment, the commitment of all our fighters and commanders. And that is why I am confident: we will definitely achieve our goals and reliably protect our people, the sovereignty and security of our Motherland. Thank you very much. Thank you for your honourable, valiant service, for your loyalty to your military duty and oath. <…> Roman Debely : Comrade President of the Russian Federation! I thank you. This is a high decoration for me, and not only for me – it is an honour for my unit. The unit I serve in has been on battle missions in the military operation zone from the first days. Our soldiers took part in the storming of Mariupol, in the Zaporozhye Region. Also, our unit has been awarded the honorary Guards designation as per your Executive Order. We are proud of being Guards. Thank you. In accordance with your decision, we stood up for the defence of the Donetsk People’s Republic, the Zaporozhye Region and all of Russia. We will be with you until the end and will continue to defend our Motherland. This concludes my report. <…> Vladimir Putin : My congratulations to you once again. I wish you, your comrades-in-arms and all of us the very best, good health, success and victories. And I wish you a Happy New Year that is coming up! Congratulations! See also Expanded meeting of Defence Ministry Board December 19, 2023 Topics Armed Forces State decorations Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: December 19, 2023, 17:10 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73057 Text version