Events Meeting of the Russia – Land of Opportunity Supervisory Board Vladimir Putin held a meeting of the Supervisory Board of the Russia – Land of Opportunity autonomous non-profit organisation in the Kremlin’s St Catherine Hall to review its performance over the past five years and map out its development plans. July 19, 2023 16:50 The Kremlin, Moscow The Presidential Executive Order establishing the Russia – Land of Opportunity autonomous non-profit organisation was signed on May 22, 2018. Its main goal is to create conditions for upward mobility and help people of all ages achieve personal and professional growth. * * * Excerpts from transcript of meeting of the Russia – Land of Opportunity Supervisory Board President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Good afternoon, friends. Today we are holding the fourth meeting of the Supervisory Board of the Russia – Land of Opportunity organisation. I am delighted to see and welcome Supervisory Board members and participants of this project, all those who are interested in and are helping promote it, which is very important. I would like to tell you about your achievements. There are certain results. First of all, the organisation has been operating for five years. That is good in itself; it is working and developing. We also have an opportunity to discuss what it has achieved – I will say a few words about this – and to map out our plans for the future. What results can we report? There are 26 programmes. This does not mean much; there could be 36 or even 106 programmes. The important thing is that over 20 million people took part in these programmes. It is an impressive figure. And no less impressive is the fact that our friends and colleagues from over 150 countries were involved in these programmes despite the current problems and the circumstances we are living in. It is a strong result indeed. It means that it is important for proactive people who are looking for their place in the world and striving for results, and that they feel that all our measures are aimed at supporting people, at helping them attain the goals they have set for themselves and possibly at helping them formulate these goals. As for opinion surveys, in 2017 only 37 percent of young people thought that conditions in Russia were good for self-realisation. The current figure is over 80 percent. It means that the efforts the government is taking, including your efforts, are having the desired effect. And over 90 percent of the projects’ participants think so. There is high demand for the Russia – Land of Opportunity project itself. The logic of all actions under this project is putting the focus on people, on individuals with their ambitions in the best sense of the word, and their striving for personal improvement and for contributing to the efforts of the state and society in key development areas. As I have said, our projects are aimed at helping people find self-fulfilment. In this context, I would like to mention the informal part of our lives, namely the fact that 2023 has been declared the Year of Teachers and Mentors. I would like to note that the project participants meet with people who have achieved practical results in their lives, results that have been recognised in society. These people gave lectures and acted as mentors in the broadest sense of the word. It is equally important that the project participants also act as teachers and mentors to younger people who are taking their first steps in their careers and on the way to their goals. All this is very important. Of course, it is important to promote demand for these projects and to increase their appeal. I hope that this is how it will be, and the results already speak for themselves. At the very least, we have been successful so far. Take the expedition the Russia – Land of Opportunity organisation held around the Sea of Azov. I believe that it was also important for the people you have met and worked with during that trip, which was not a pleasure cruise but business. I would like to thank all those who took part in that project last year. Of course, I also hope that the situation will continue to develop in the same vein, and that you will continue to work energetically and effectively. Mr Komissarov will now tell us about this. Please. General Director of the Russia – Land of Opportunity non-profit organisation, Rector of the Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration (RANEPA) Alexei Komissarov Komissarov Alexei General Director of ANO Russia – Land of Opportunity, , Rector of the Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration (RANEPA) : Thank you very much, Mr President. Back in 2018, when you made a decision to create the Russia – Land of Opportunity organisation, one of the key issues we faced was how are we going to access our performance. It was decided to rely on the opinion of our citizens as the main indicator. You have already mentioned opinion poll results. Indeed, we consider this the most important indicator. Every year, our Supervisory Board meets to discuss the results we have achieved: we started from 37 percent, as you have said, then moved to 50, 62, and 76 percent last year. VCIOM recently conducted another opinion poll, and 81 percent of Russian citizens noted that they were confident that the younger generation had an opportunity for self-fulfilment, an opportunity to use their abilities and to achieve success in life. The second indicator is the scale, the coverage. I will not repeat the statistics that you have already mentioned in your opening remarks. However, I would like to say that tens of thousands of our project winners have really changed their lives through their involvement in the Russia – Land of Opportunity platform. Some of them were able to undergo on-the-job training at the best companies. Others were invited to work as public servants, and many people worked together with their personal mentors. I would like to sincerely thank all the mentors of our platform who worked with the winners. One has become the mayor of a large city. You have recently met with graduates of the RANEPA programme for training management personnel pool, the so-called School of Governors. Many of them joined the programme after working with the Leaders of Russia project. I guess those involved in our projects, their readiness to help other people become mentors for younger participants and make people around them stronger and our country stronger and better are the third indicator. By the way, many initiatives that are currently yielding results have been proposed by participants in our projects and put forward at previous Supervisory Board meetings, and we made the corresponding decisions. For example, the revived Znaniye (Knowledge) Society, the More than a Journey tourism project, the Movement of the First and others. It has already become a good tradition of ours for the participants to present various projects. I believe that we will not deviate from this tradition, and we will give the floor to them. <…> Alexei Komissarov: They said you have many people whose lives have changed because of this platform, but some people started changing things earlier. I would like to give the floor to an unusual participant – Christelle Neant. Christelle is her given name, and Neant is her family name. Christelle is from France but she came to the DPR in 2016. Recently, she took part in our New Media Workshop project that is being run by Senezh Workshop Management. I think it would be better if Christelle tells her story herself. She has an interesting destiny and an interesting story. Christelle Neant: Good afternoon, everyone! Good afternoon, Mr President! As was said, seven years ago I decided to come to Donbass to work as a war correspondent. I wanted to convey the truth. I wanted the voice of the Donbass people to reach the French-speaking audience. At first, I worked at DONi (Donetsk International News Agency) in Donetsk. Unfortunately, it closed in 2018, and I decided that I needed a platform to publish my articles and videos. I created my own website “Donbass Insider.” When I worked for DONi, we had a full team, but now I am almost alone. I saw that I could not do everything myself, that this was not efficient. I am not alone in this situation. Almost all Western media that are telling the truth despite the risks and threats are independent journalists that work by themselves. I saw that this wasn’t efficient. We all worked to build a good reputation, and the fact is that are telling the truth, always. We have developed very strong relations with our audience. They know that if they read our articles or watch our video reports, they are reading the truth. They do not expect any propaganda. Sometimes we worked together on small projects, but that was some time ago. I thought we should unite all Western journalists in one team to be more effective. Last year I was in the New Media Workshop. I learned how to create a project, how to build an efficient team and how to prepare a presentation. Our colleagues from Russia – Land of Opportunity, enthusiastically supported my project and helped me prepare all these presentations. If you support this project, we will continue working together with our colleagues from the New Media Workshop and from the Russia – Land of Opportunity project to unite all journalists in one team. We want these people who are now like separate fingers to become a fist that will be more effective in fighting Western propaganda. All these journalists come from the West, and we know how Western propaganda works and how to counter it in the best way. Thank you for your attention. Vladimir Putin: Christelle, you know, people like you exist, but they are rare. There are more than eight billion people on the planet, and it is still rare to meet people like you… Christelle Neant: Thank you. Vladimir Putin: …who are able to uproot themselves from their usual comfortable surroundings and work, live and affirm with their lives the correctness of their convictions, following their beliefs and subjecting themselves to danger. It is a rare thing. Of course, I wish you success. We will do everything we can to support your project. You have said: “we are telling the truth, always.” This is probably the sharpest weapon against lies and propaganda soaked in these lies. Christelle Neant: This is why they are so afraid of us and constantly try to discredit us. Vladimir Putin: Yes, I believe this is true. This is why they essentially shut down everywhere our only information resource targeting Western audience: Russia Today. They shut it down everywhere or put up obstacles; they are afraid of the truth, including coming from those of your colleagues from Western countries who work for Russia Today. By the way, I will ask your colleagues from the media community to help you expand your opportunities, including Russia Today and Sputnik. I think Russia Today works in six languages, including French. Sputnik, I think, has more than 30 languages. This is the scale. And of course, we will be pleased to support your project. Christelle Neant: Thank you. Vladimir Putin: Thank you very much. I just want to wish you success, because, first of all, we have many friends in European countries, including France. I know this personally. I know people are thinking with us. They simply try not to give them the opportunity to think – others think for them and impose their stereotypes on them. Christelle Neant: Yes. Recently, I carried out an analysis of propaganda in France with a colleague of mine, Laurent Briar, whom I want to invite to the team, and we were shocked. We analysed articles, several newspapers, the media in France; and it really is a huge propaganda machine, where they constantly repeat the same words, schemes, ideas. This is like what was coming from Goebbels. Vladimir Putin: You know that hostilities in Donbas did not start in February 2022, but much earlier, in 2014–2015. What year did you come there? Christelle Neant: At the beginning of 2016. Vladimir Putin: You have already seen that the fighting was going on, that the war had already begun. Christelle Neant: Yes. Vladimir Putin: People in European countries and in the United States who understand this do not want developments to move in that direction. But I believe the ruling elites have usurped and abused their position and their monopoly on power. And people like you, in my opinion, are performing a very important task, and not only in the interests of Donbass, but in the interests of their country, because they are trying to show that the policy pursued by these countries’ ruling elites is wrong and harms their own people. Thank you very much. We will try our best to support you. Christelle Neant: Thank you. To be continued. Topics Civil service Professional training Persons Chernyshenko Dmitry Golikova Tatyana Khotsenko Vitaly Komissarov Alexei Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: July 19, 2023, 16:50 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/71697 Text version