Events Telephone conversation with President of China Xi Jinping President Vladimir Putin had an extensive telephone conversation with President of China Xi Jinping. February 8, 2024 14:15 The President of Russia offered heartfelt greetings to the President of China and the friendly Chinese nation on the upcoming Spring Festival. The presidents summarised the latest results in developing the overarching Russia-China partnership and strategic cooperation. They reaffirmed that the neighbourly links between our countries are at a historically high level. They stressed, with satisfaction, that bilateral trade exceeded $200 billion a year ahead of the goal set by the leaders, reaching a record of $227.7 billion. In the context of the 75 th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Russia and China, marked this year, the presidents expressed mutual interest in promoting cooperation across all areas, including energy, finance, infrastructure, transport, industrial production, agriculture, humanitarian and sport exchanges. Both parties expressed willingness to advance coordination in foreign policy within the framework of various multilateral bodies such as the UN, BRICS Background information BRICS and the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation Background information Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) . Xi Jinping Xi Jinping President of People's Republic of China supported the priorities of the Russian BRICS Chairmanship. President Putin and President Xi had a detailed exchange on the situation in several regions, including the Middle East, where both Russia and China support a political and diplomatic settlement of the Palestinian problem within the generally recognised framework of international law. When discussing the state of affairs in the Asia-Pacific Region, President Putin confirmed Russia’s principled stance on Taiwan, which is support for the One-China policy. The presidents also covered the current situation in Ukraine. Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping specifically stressed that close Russia-China interaction is an important stabilising factor in world affairs. The leaders agreed to continue one-on-one contact. Geography People's Republic of China Topics Foreign policy Persons Xi Jinping Publication status Published in section: News Publication date: February 8, 2024, 14:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73406 Text version