Events Council of Regions of Russia and Uzbekistan President of Russia Vladimir Putin and President of Uzbekistan Shavkat Mirziyoyev took part in the first meeting of the Council of the Regions of the two countries. May 27, 2024 18:15 Tashkent President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Mr President, colleagues, friends, We are very pleased (by “we” I mean the President of Uzbekistan and myself, we discussed this on our way here) to see in this wonderful hall so many responsible executives who make decisions that not only apply to the industrial sectors but have a regional dimension as well. The overall success of our, without a doubt, noble cause which is designed to expand Uzbekistan-Russia relations will largely depend on your effective work. The Council of the Regions of Russia and Uzbekistan will undoubtedly take into account the positive experience gained over the years of holding the Forum of Regions of the two countries. Most importantly, the new format should be different not only in name, but in substance as well. In particular, I am confident that the central authorities from both countries will pay greater attention to inter-region cooperation. We have done so at the suggestion of the President of Uzbekistan. In fact, we have combined the visit with the work of a representative delegation of the Russian Federation Government in Tashkent, and a meeting of regional leaders. Indeed, regions play a key role in strengthening relations of comprehensive strategic partnership and alliance between Russia and Uzbekistan and make a significant contribution to expanding the entire range of our relations. The meeting of the Council in Tashkent brought together representatives from different regions, including 22 Russian governors and 14 Uzbek akims, heads of ministries, agencies, lawmakers, representatives of business, scientific and civic circles. In other words, everyone who in practice promotes neighbourly Russian-Uzbekistan relations, including trade and the economy. The agenda of the Council of the Regions is quite extensive. It includes such topical issues as the deepening of industrial cooperation, cooperation in agriculture, as well as introduction of innovations and digital technology. Overall, 78 out of the 89 constituent entities of the Russian Federation are engaged in mutually beneficial partnership with regions of Uzbekistan. These direct contacts, active and proactive joint efforts of the regions and authorities, regional management teams and business circles are filling Russia-Uzbekistan cooperation with specific content and engaging more and more participants in it. The contractual and legal framework of interregional cooperation and interaction is being continuously expanded and supplemented. The governments of the two countries’ regions have several dozen agreements. Over 20 agreements and commercial contracts, including those aimed at developing trade and mutual investment, are ready for signing in the Council. During the past talks with the President of Uzbekistan, we noted with satisfaction that trade is confidently on the upsurge. Last year, it increased to almost $10 billion. My colleague just said how many contracts are to be signed, for what amount and what investment is planned. You said this is equal to 45 billion in US dollar equivalent. No doubt, this will produce a very good effect, an impetus to the development of our trade and economic ties. E-commerce is making rapid headway. Thus, in 2023, the total amount of products traded by salespeople from Uzbekistan at the Russian Wildberries internet platform grew by 93 percent to reach US$418 million. Suppliers from Uzbekistan may soon enter another big Russian marketplace – Ozon. Over 3,000 companies with Russian participation are already operating in the Uzbekistan market. Mr Mirziyoyev has just mentioned this as well. This is every fifth company out of companies with foreign capital operating in the country. To fund promising projects implemented in Uzbekistan with the participation of the two countries’ regions, they are establishing a special investment fund with a total amount of US$500 million. This has just been mentioned as well. The Russian side is ready to put in its share that amounts to US$400 million. The assets have been allocated and prepared. It only remains to deal with technical details. This work will be completed in the next few days. These funds will be channelled into the most diverse areas of the republic’s real economy sector. In April, Tashkent successfully hosted the 4 th INNOPROM. Central Asia International Industrial Trade Fair. Many Russian regions showcased their expositions featuring numerous joint projects with Uzbekistan. Thus, companies from Tatarstan are helping their colleagues to modernise heating systems in the Tashkent Region and provide specialised equipment for medical universities in Uzbekistan. I visited Tatarstan and saw for myself that it produces top level medical equipment. It has every right to be proud of it. It is a good partner for Uzbekistan. Companies from the Ivanovo Region buy high quality Uzbek raw materials for producing cotton products and textiles. The Chelyabinsk Region supplies the republic’s oil-and-gas sector with automated equipment. In turn, companies from the Novosibirsk Region are exporting to Uzbekistan equipment for mining and processing rare earth metals and gold. Rostov’s Rostselmash organised assembly of agricultural equipment in Uzbekistan. Russian combine harvesters manufactured at Uzbekistan plants are also highly sought-after in third countries’ markets. We maintain diverse regional cooperation in the cultural and humanitarian area. Every year musical festivals and concerts, theatre guest performances, film screenings and museum exhibitions take place with the regions’ participation. The holding of Cross Days of Culture has become a good tradition. Thus, this year Tashkent will host Days of Moscow. In addition, the St Petersburg Trading House will open in the capital of Uzbekistan. Naturally enough, the regions’ cooperation is giving an additional boost to the development of tourist exchanges between the two countries. The tourist flow doubled last year to reach 1.2 million trips. Russians are eager to visit historical and cultural centres of Uzbekistan – Samarkand, Bukhara and Khiva. Tashkent is developing rapidly and turning into a wonderful city. It was a great city but a lot had to be done since the Soviet times, and the President is paying enormous attention to this. We have just been to the Victory Park. I advise our tourists to go there as well when they visit Uzbekistan, including Tashkent. In conclusion, I would like to emphasise once again that Russia-Uzbekistan interregional cooperation and interaction has very broad and promising prospects. Together with the President of Uzbekistan, we will support your constructive initiatives and new joint projects. I would like to cordially wish success and good results to the participants in the Council of the Regions meeting. I am sure they will achieve them. Thank you. <…> See also Russia-Uzbekistan talks May 27, 2024 Geography Uzbekistan Topics Foreign policy Regions Persons Mirziyoyev Shavkat Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: May 27, 2024, 18:15 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/74126 Text version