Events Meeting with graduates of the Krasnodar Higher Military Aviation School Ahead of March 8, the President visited the Krasnodar Higher Military Aviation School, named after Hero of the Soviet Union Anatoly Serov, and met with its graduates. March 7, 2024 13:20 Krasnodar Ahead of the meeting, Vladimir Putin and Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu Shoigu Sergei Defence Minister , Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Southern Federal District Vladimir Ustinov Ustinov Vladimir Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Southern Federal District and Krasnodar Territory Governor Veniamin Kondratyev Kondratyev Veniamin Governor of Krasnodar Territory inspected the personnel training facility. While in one of the classrooms, the President was shown aircraft simulators in action. School Head Anatoly Yudin provided explanations. Established in 1938, the Krasnodar Higher Military Aviation School now trains crews for operational-tactical, long-range, military-transport and naval aviation units. Since September 2017, the education institution has been training female students. * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin: To be honest, our meeting is taking place in an unusual format. We are meeting with young female pilots in the run-up to March 8. See also All news about the trip to Krasnodar March 7, 2024 I would like to congratulate all of you on the upcoming holiday. This is a good and very positive spring holiday. I wish you every success in your careers, a happy family life and marital bliss. I am confident that you will accomplish everything because you are strong-willed people. You are acting purposefully and steering towards your goals. Mr Shoigu told me how the first cadets enrolled here. I do not know whether this young woman is present here or not. A prospective cadet who failed to enrol pitched up a tent in front of the gate. Indeed, this attitude towards life and her future career is worth a lot. I am confident that, given such an attitude, you will accomplish everything. This is the first thing. Second, female professionals achieve results in many fields. This is hardly surprising because, apart from their impressive training levels, women meticulously analyse the smallest details linked with their career. Young women display a highly responsible attitude towards the work with which they have been entrusted. On the whole, this allows them to achieve good results. I am confident that you will also attain results, all the more so as you have graduated from a school that is closely linked with Russia and our Armed Forces. Suffice it to recall the Great Patriotic War. Your school’s graduates served as prototypes for many books, artistic works, films and even an opera. Many graduates became Heroes of the Soviet Union, Heroes of Russia and heroes of other countries where our pilots were actively involved in hostilities. They destroyed literally thousands of enemy tanks, as well as aircraft and artillery crews. Your school’s graduates rammed enemy planes on 20 occasions during the Great Patriotic War. This is a heroic educational institution. I am confident that you will also continue the wonderful traditions of this pilot training school. Of course, the uninitiated tend to link aviation with romantic blue skies. However, you have probably felt that there is something more to it, apart from the romance. Well, of course, it is impossible to do without the omnipresent romance here. And now … Is your name Katya? Am I right? Yekaterina Battalova: Guards Lieutenant Battalova. Vladimir Putin: She was now operating the controls, and we could hear that she was quite composed. She is made for this job. She is enjoying her work, and she is quite enthusiastic about her future lifetime career, to which all of you have decided to devote your lives. What am I trying to say? Quite possibly, elements of a romantic blue sky are present here. However, this career requires high standards of professional training and a serious attitude towards work. This is a complicated sphere: one should have a good knowledge of equipment and be able to operate it. This amounts to large-scale and responsible work. I want to wish you all the best. Our women and quite young girls currently serve in the special military operation zone. They worthily serve the Motherland in various fields everywhere. Once again, I congratulate you on the upcoming holiday, and I wish you all the best. I am at your service, if there is anything that you would like to discuss, please do. Violetta Kasilovich : Comrade Supreme Commander-in-Chief. Before I ask my question, let me take this opportunity to thank you and the leadership of the Russian Ministry of Defence for giving us, ordinary girls, the opportunity to become military pilots of the Russian Aerospace Forces. The year 2023 was particularly important for us. The most memorable event for us is graduation from the Krasnodar Higher Military Aviation School. What was the most memorable event in 2023 for you? Vladimir Putin : You know, my life consists of an endless number of events and activities. Sometimes I compare it to a waterfall: standing under a waterfall, it pours constantly. Even when I am with my loved ones, I try not to show any signs of stress, and, on the contrary, I pretend that everything is fine, we are quite at ease and having a rest. But I know that in five minutes I will get a phone call from someone, in ten minutes I will have to call someone else, and within 30 minutes there will be some event and I’ll have to understand what happened and, if necessary, react to it somehow or adjust something. So, it’s just a series of events. But, of course, like for the country as a whole, for me and for you, I think, all the brightest, most significant things happened on the battlefield – in the zone of the special military operation. Then, of course, there are a lot of issues related to the economy, to maintaining it, its development, to ensuring a rate of economic growth. This is the foundation that everything is built on, our whole life – both our social life and our military successes are based on benchmarks in the economy, in the real sector of industry. So, everything is basically there. The most vivid events are, of course, meetings with our men, or with our women, our girls who serve in the special military operation, or with members of their families. Frankly, I try not to show emotion, but still, these events, these meetings have the brightest emotional colouring. So everything is connected with these events, just like for you, just like for the overwhelming majority of our citizens. Yelizaveta Fedotova: Comrade Supreme Commander-in-Chief, may I ask you a question? Lieutenant Fedotova. You have flown and even personally piloted many types of aircraft, and recently you flew on a Tu-160M ​​strategic missile carrier. Please tell us about this experience. Do you have any plans to master other modern planes? Vladimir Putin: Just now I flew a simulator with the comrade lieutenant – this is also a definite experience. But as for piloting… You know, I really piloted a glider, flew with cranes – if you remember, it was several years ago. But that was not a simulator, I actually piloted it, it’s true. But I also had to train then, because the sky is a serious business. Who else but you knows this? We flew low, I also flew low – about 400 metres. As soon as the wind blows, it shakes. These are not simulators, 400 metres is a bit high. That is when I piloted. And other planes I flew on were a Su-25 attack plane, then a Su-27 fighter, a Tu-160, and a Be-200 when we were putting out fires. Of course, I did not pilot anything. However, it was all useful and interesting, and I needed to understand what it was all about. You always need to understand what a thing is, touch it with your hands, then you will better understand what is happening. I do not mean to offend anyone, but I think that the hardest type of service is piloting an attack plane. G force! I just cannot understand how these guys control the plane, because up and down, strikes are carried out visually, when they see the target, they descend sharply, and then rise just as sharply. The G force is so great that only the hands and fingers move effectively. I cannot understand how they fly the plane. The only so-called piloting element was on the Su-27, when the commander suggested that I perform a “roll.” I did this myself. He said: “I am delegating you the controls. Be smooth, no sudden movements, move the controls to the right, and we will do a roll.” I did it myself, it’s true. We rolled easily, the plane is very powerful. But he said just that: “The plane is powerful, very responsive, maneuverable, take your time with it.” So I did it myself. In 2005, we experienced a remarkable five-hour flight on the Tu-160, which was an absolute delight. The trip was a unique experience, particularly during the imperceptible transition to supersonic speed. The click associated with this shift is inaudible on the plane but audible on the ground. The last flight [on the Tu-160M] was not originally planned because the Minister [of Defence Sergei Shoigu] said that we cannot fly because the machine had not yet been officially accepted, a sentiment echoed by the industry. However, during our visit to the enterprise [Gorbunov Kazan Aircraft Production Association] and a tour around it, the aircraft’s commander assured me, “Mr President, we are ready. We can be in the air in two hours. I suggest you give it a try.” I agreed, proposing to schedule it for the next day due to prior commitments. The commander responded, “We will be ready.” And so, we boarded and took to the skies. It was interesting to see the transformation the aircraft has undergone since my last flight in 2005. The changes were extensive: it is practically a new machine. The crew told me about the numerous updates, emphasising that nearly everything, including the avionics, had been revamped. The commander encouraged me to turn on the engines, press some buttons, and so on. It was very enlightening to get some hands-on experience. This modernisation was carried out at the initiative of the Minister of Defence. While various proposals were considered, with some suggesting closing this chapter and opening an entirely new one, it became evident that such a shift would likely result in a gap in our access to combat-ready strategic aviation. I think we made the right decision, and the Minister had a good suggestion. We actually created a new aircraft that is unparalleled globally: a supersonic machine operating at unprecedented speeds. This strategic aircraft is equipped to carry nuclear weapons, thereby fortifying our nuclear triad. One more thing: I attempted to operate a simulator myself. When the lieutenant suggested I take control, I declined, saying that she would do much better. Instead, I decided to try my hand at piloting a helicopter. I found it to be the most challenging type of flying. Just a millimeter of difference in the control can send it veering in different directions, making it tricky to pinpoint the exact landing spot. I think helicopters are the most difficult to pilot. Except, of course, what I really piloted when flying with the cranes. But this was a real situation. This is a simulator, but it’s a complicated job. This is a very complicated job where every millimeter matters. This is why army aviation, which is performing very serious missions today that we badly need on the battlefield, naturally deserves the highest praise and respect. That probably takes care of my entire aviation history. But having felt all this and flown various aircraft, I might say that it seems like a man’s job, although it is certainly accessible to girls and women. In general, I believe there are no jobs that women shouldn’t do and can’t achieve success with. Young women work and achieve success everywhere in our country. True, there have been no women yet in maritime aviation, torpedo or missile aviation. After all, these jobs are particularly risky, and I think we should protect young women. Go ahead, please. Yana Vasina : Comrade Supreme Commander-in-Chief, permission to speak please. I am Lieutenant Vasina. Russia has been and remains a great aviation power. Starting from the time of Captain Nesterov and Valery Chkalov and up to this day, military pilots have been glorifying our Motherland through their courage and bravery. However, they take their first steps to the skies within the walls of a flight school. As a pilot, I would like to know what you think about pilot training and the future of aviation training. Vladimir Putin : It is difficult for me to give my advice. But there is one thing I know for sure, and we discussed this with the Defence Ministry officials – we need modern, effective simulators. And, of course, we need instructors that can do this job. As I understand it, we do not have problems with simulator availability today, but if we have a problem, we’ll resolve it. At any rate, we have everything we need for high quality simulators to be available. I believe we have even surpassed our competitors with some simulators – ours are very effective. And what do you do now, after graduation? Yana Vasina : I serve on Tu-154 in Khabarovsk in the Far East. Vladimir Putin : When you trained as a pilot, what did you think should have been added to your training? Yana Vasina : Certainly, a simulator. This is an essential part of flight training now. It is possible to master flying without it, but it makes the process much easier. Vladimir Putin : Did you learn to fly without a simulator? Yana Vasina : I haven’t yet flown a Tu-154 simulator. Vladimir Putin : You mean specifically a Tu-154 simulator. I see. In this case, Mr Shoigu, we need to have simulators for all aircraft models for young women and men to learn on in the future. Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu : Mr President, the Tu-154 has been out of production for many years. Vladimir Putin : Yes, I see. I am also referring to other aircraft. Sergei Shoigu : You are correct about other aircraft. We must provide simulators for Tu-214s. We have aircraft of this class. Under your instructions, we are beginning to manufacture the Tu-96 again, and we need simulators for those as well. So our plan will be as follows – every consignment of aircraft, especially training planes, will include simulators in the contract. Vladimir Putin : Let us do it without fail, it must be included in the state defence order. This is very important. Comrade Lieutenant asked me how I flew and what I flew. You know, it's important, it really matters. Because on one type of aircraft the pedals move in one way, and on other types of aircraft – in a different way, and this little thing can make a difference when piloting. It does make a difference. Unfortunately, we have also had mistakes that have led to tragedies, when crews transfer from one type of similar aircraft to another similar aircraft, with systems that operate somewhat differently. Sergei Shoigu : You mean the Yak-40, Yak-42? Vladimir Putin : Yes. That is why it is the right thing to do. We will definitely pay attention to it. You are right. Yana Vasina : Thank you. Vladimir Putin : Yes, please. Darya Ignasheva : Comrade Supreme Commander-in-Chief. You have a very intense working schedule, including constant long flights. Tell me, please, what was your longest flight and how do you manage to keep yourself in such excellent physical shape with such a busy schedule? Vladimir Putin : As for physical fitness, I'll tell you now. There were a lot of long, long flights, I don't remember now, but we probably flew to Latin America somewhere, to Mexico – such flights across the ocean. Although, you know, sometimes you can fly from one point in Russia to another faster than across the ocean. It's a big country, the sun never sets on it. I have to spend a lot of time on the plane. There was a moment, I can't remember exactly when, when I had the impression that I was living on a plane. Yes, yes. And as for staying in shape, I always answer the same, and there is no magic trick. I always say: sport, you should play sports. And I kind of recommend everyone else do it – I recommend everyone plays sports, that’s it. More to the point, we – if you have been paying attention, we talked about this recently – we will even offer tax deductions for people who regularly participate in sports and meet the Fit for Labour and Defence standards. We will treat them accordingly and help people who take care of their own health. This is why sport is really an important way to stay fit. But it goes without saying that I almost never drink alcohol. In fact, I try not to talk about it, although, probably, it should be talked about. But I definitely try not to drink strong drinks. Cold exposure training is a very good procedure: this is important for you as officers. It is true. Hot and cold showers or contrast baths are an effective way to strengthen your health. I remember, you know, when I was still young and lived in Leningrad, we had… we did not even have a bath tub in our communal apartment, but nevertheless I went out into the yard in the winter and wiped myself with snow. I was still a kid. Why am I telling you this? Because you can always find a way to achieve the result you need if you want it. Taking care of your health is important, not only personally, but for the state, so I wish for you to stay healthy, beautiful, and successful. Yes, please. Yulia Zakalyukina: Lieutenant Zakalyukina. How would you feel if the captain of Air Force One was a woman? Vladimir Putin: First, I will tell you, I do not select the crews of the aircraft I fly on: this is done by the management of certain aviation services. But they are all distinguished and very experienced people who are dedicated to their work and highly professional; I have no doubts about this. I saw it for myself several times. In fact, I believe we should still be guided not by gender, but by business principles when promoting anyone, not only in the military, but in general, in business, anywhere. If a person is competent and has good results in their work, then in no case should they be restricted by gender, like, “well, a woman does not need to be promoted; she has a family and children, and should have her own life.” This is wrong. On the other hand, I believe it’s misguided when it is required to have a certain percentage of women in certain areas: this percent in management, that in parliament, this in local administration, and that one in the Army. People should not be judged in terms of percentages, but by personal and business qualities, by attitude. So, if there is a choice, and a woman is successful in an assignment in any place, position, or when moving up the career ladder, of course, there should be no restrictions. Kristina Zhdanova : Permission to speak, Sir? Vladimir Putin : Go ahead, please. Kristina Zhdanova : Lieutenant Zhdanova. What would you wish, on the eve of International Women’s Day, for the women that are performing their duties and missions in the special military operation? Vladimir Putin : To return home as soon as possible. I wish them happiness, personal happiness and successes – both combat success and success in their personal lives. I am completely sincere in saying this. I said I hope for them to return home as soon as possible. But I also know something different about military versus civilians. I will talk about journalists, war correspondents. I saw how they work on the frontline, including young women, performing their journalistic duty. I instructed the top managers of the main channels to withdraw women from the battle field. Why expose women to that risk? What was the result? They took a vacation and stayed there on their own. And, the TV channel managers told me these women were ready to quit their jobs and would go there anyway. The same is true for many other women on combat missions there. I know this – I talked to them. They consider it their duty to be there. They are serving the Motherland; this is their mission, their inner life impulse. Incidentally, this has been the case in many other periods of our history, including the events in Afghanistan. I know personal examples, women who believed they should be there, and that was that. Nevertheless, I want them to return home to their families and their responsibilities in this area as soon as possible. However, I am certainly most grateful to them for what they are doing, for their attitude towards their service, their work, their service to the Fatherland and I wish them happiness. Maria Kuzina : Comrade Supreme Commander-in-Chief! I am Lieutenant Kuzina. We seriously realise the complexity of the military-political situation and today’s historical period. Like over 80 years ago, Nazism has raised its head today and is trying to rule the world. Allow me to express support and deep gratitude to you on behalf of the graduates and all military personnel of the Armed Forces. Mr President! You may rely on the Officer Corps of the Russian Federation. We will not let you down. Vladimir Putin : I have no doubt about this. The Russian Officer Corps has always – I want to emphasise the word “always” – at all historical turns and all historical stages has demonstrated its highest loyalty to the Motherland, the Fatherland and their duty. Due to these qualities in our officers, Russia has always achieved results and has always emerged victorious from the most difficult trials. But when the military is telling me “We will not let you down,” I hear “We will not let our Motherland down.” As the Supreme Commander-in-Chief, I would like to reply to you by saying “Thank you for your service.” Do you have any other questions? Are all of you content with the jobs you received upon graduating from flight school? Do you have any other needs or questions? Or would you like to tell me something without the minister and other chiefs in attendance? No? Is everything okay with you? Remark : Yes, everything is okay. Vladimir Putin : Then, I would like to wish you every success. Happy holiday, happy March 8! I wish you all the best. Have a good day! Geography Krasnodar Territory Topics Armed Forces Regions Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts Publication date: March 7, 2024, 13:20 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/73618 Text version