Events Meeting with permanent members of the Security Council Vladimir Putin held a briefing session with permanent members of the Security Council via videoconference. September 20, 2024 13:30 St Petersburg Taking part in the meeting were Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Mishustin Mikhail Prime Minister of the Russian Federation , State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin Volodin Vyacheslav Chairman of the State Duma , Deputy Chairman of the Security Council Dmitry Medvedev Medvedev Dmitry Deputy Chairman of the Security Council of the Russian Federation , Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office Anton Vaino Vaino Anton Chief of Staff of the Presidential Executive Office , Secretary of the Security Council Sergei Shoigu Shoigu Sergei Secretary of the Russian Federation Security Council , Presidential Aide Nikolai Patrushev Patrushev Nikolai Aide to the President , Defence Minister Andrei Belousov Belousov Andrei Defence Minister of the Russian Federation , Interior Minister Vladimir Kolokoltsev Kolokoltsev Vladimir Interior Minister of the Russian Federation , Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov Lavrov Sergei Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation , Director of the Federal Security Service Alexander Bortnikov Bortnikov Alexander Director of the Federal Security Service , Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergei Naryshkin Naryshkin Sergei Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service , and Presidential Aide Vladimir Medinsky Medinsky Vladimir Aide to the President . * * * President of Russia Vladimir Putin : Colleagues, good afternoon, The subject of our discussion today may not seem to be directly related to security issues. We will talk about an objective interpretation of history. At first glance, such issues should be relegated to the relevant fields of research, particularly history; they should primarily be discussed within the academic community – and that is indeed true. Nevertheless, we all know that in recent years, history has often been used as a means of achieving political goals with regard to our country. This is often done in an opportunistic and unscrupulous manner. As such, this can be viewed as a current policy issue, and our country, its official authorities need to define their attitude to it. Therefore, I propose that we discuss this today. We have two speakers, Mr Medinsky and Mr Lavrov. I suggest giving the floor to Mr Medinsky first. Please, go ahead. <… > See also News of the Security Council Topics Foreign policy National security Publication status Published in sections: News , Transcripts , Security Council Publication date: September 20, 2024, 13:30 Direct link: en.kremlin.ru/d/75148 Text version