Skip navigation Follow OSCE Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn SoundCloud Instagram OSCE Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe Navigation Search Navigation Home Who we are What is the OSCE? Participating States Partners for Co-operation Chairmanship Summits Ministerial Councils Permanent Council Forum for Security Co-operation Leadership OSCE-related bodies Funding and budget History What we do Arms control Border management Combating trafficking in human beings Countering terrorism Conflict prevention and resolution Cyber/ICT Security Democratization Economic activities Education Elections Environmental activities Gender equality Good governance Human rights Media freedom and development Migration National minority issues Policing Reform and co-operation in the security sector Roma and Sinti Rule of law Tolerance and non-discrimination Youth #GLOBALGOALS - The OSCE and the Sustainable Development Goals Where we are Presence in Albania Mission to Bosnia and Herzegovina Mission in Kosovo Mission to Montenegro Mission to Serbia Mission to Skopje Mission to Moldova Centre in Ashgabat Programme Office in Astana Programme Office in Bishkek Programme Office in Dushanbe Project Co-ordinator in Uzbekistan Closed field operations Institutions & structures Parliamentary Assembly High Commissioner on National Minorities Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights Representative on Freedom of the Media Court of Conciliation and Arbitration Minsk Group Secretariat Resources CSCE/OSCE key documents Documents by the OSCE Decision-making bodies Documents library Publications Press releases and news archive Multimedia E-libraries Quarterly Selections Social media 0Meta Navigation Newsroom Blog Magazine Events Partnerships Networks Search OSCE Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe 0Meta Navigation Newsroom Blog Magazine Events Partnerships Networks Search × Close search Navigation Home Who we are What is the OSCE? Participating States Partners for Co-operation Chairmanship Summits Ministerial Councils Permanent Council Forum for Security Co-operation Leadership OSCE-related bodies Funding and budget History What we do Arms control Border management Combating trafficking in human beings Countering terrorism Conflict prevention and resolution Cyber/ICT Security Democratization Economic activities Education Elections Environmental activities Gender equality Good governance Human rights Media freedom and development Migration National minority issues Policing Reform and co-operation in the security sector Roma and Sinti Rule of law Tolerance and non-discrimination Youth #GLOBALGOALS - The OSCE and the Sustainable Development Goals Where we are Presence in Albania Mission to Bosnia and Herzegovina Mission in Kosovo Mission to Montenegro Mission to Serbia Mission to Skopje Mission to Moldova Centre in Ashgabat Programme Office in Astana Programme Office in Bishkek Programme Office in Dushanbe Project Co-ordinator in Uzbekistan Closed field operations Institutions & structures Parliamentary Assembly High Commissioner on National Minorities Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights Representative on Freedom of the Media Court of Conciliation and Arbitration Minsk Group Secretariat Resources CSCE/OSCE key documents Documents by the OSCE Decision-making bodies Documents library Publications Press releases and news archive Multimedia E-libraries Quarterly Selections Social media Home Newsroom News and press releases North Macedonia takes over OSCE Chair Press release Share Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn English OSCE Chairmanship Newsroom North Macedonia takes over OSCE Chair Vienna/Skopje 1 January 2023 Newsroom Stories News archive Media advisories Media contacts OSCE Live Frequently asked questions Multimedia 2023 OSCE Chairperson-in-Office, Minister of Foreign Affairs of North Macedonia, Bujar Osmani. (OSCE) VIENNA/SKOPJE, 1 January 2023 — Today, North Macedonia takes over the OSCE Chair with a main focus on the needs of the people. “It is a great responsibility and honour to assume the Chairpersonship of the OSCE for 2023. Our goal will be to focus on the very principles of the Helsinki Final Act, in the interest of and for the needs of the people,” said Bujar Osmani, Foreign Minister of North Macedonia and the new OSCE Chairman-in-Office. Osmani highlighted the Chair’s overarching priority to reinforce a focus on the ground and its critical importance to supporting and empowering people, which he described as “the final beneficiaries of OSCE output”. “Our plan is to reach out and lend a hand to conflict-affected populations, but also to others in need,” he said. “We see the OSCE as a perpetual provider in mitigating crisis and supporting peace and thus we must take appropriate action to enable the OSCE to provide space for its versatile toolbox.” Turning to ongoing conflicts in the OSCE area, Osmani said Ukraine will remain a central priority and a key security issue. “The unprovoked war of aggression against Ukraine has undermined the European security architecture and threatens the peace and stability of the continent and beyond,” he said. “The Chairpersonship will also maintain the essential functions and operations of the Organization, ensuring that it is able to support areas affected by conflicts across the OSCE region. Regional instability and the potential for new crises require continued attention.” In these critical times for European security and stability, North Macedonia’s activities as Chair will be guided by strict observance of OSCE principles and commitments, said Osmani. “Safeguarding OSCE values and respect for international law must be a shared priority. This is of utmost importance. Rebuilding trust and engaging in meaningful dialogue presupposes full compliance with the agreed OSCE commitments and principles. We all have to be accountable for our actions. This is the formula for the way forward.” The OSCE Chair of North Macedonia will also focus on supporting sustainable economic growth and environmental co-operation, which are essential for human security and vital in the pursuit of peace and prosperity for people in the OSCE region. It will uphold human rights and promote tolerance and non-discrimination as prerequisites for comprehensive security. Reviewing the implementation of human dimension principles, the Chair will engage with youth and civil society as driving forces for building vibrant and resilient democracies. “The OSCE has proved that it is a relevant and important part of regional and global efforts through its unique, holistic approach to security,” said Osmani. “North Macedonia will work to ensure that the OSCE remains a vital part of effective, security-related multilateral efforts.” Minister Osmani will officially inaugurate North Macedonia’s Chairpersonship and outline its priorities at the OSCE Permanent Council meeting in Vienna on 12 January 2023. Contacts Boni Cvetanovska Press and Communication OSCE 2023 Chairpersonship of North Macedonia Phone: +436766372643 boni.cvetanovska@mfa.gov.mk Communication and Media Relations Section OSCE Secretariat press@osce.org Related Meet the OSCE Chairman-in-Office and Minister of Foreign Affairs of North Macedonia, Bujar Osmani Our people Subscribe to OSCE Sign up to receive OSCE Press Releases and Media Advisories by email as soon as they have been published. E-mail: Home Contacts Report wrongdoing Sitemap Employment Social media About this website Procurement Terms of Use Feedback Subscribe to OSCE E-mail: Follow Us Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Join us on Youtube Join us on LinkedIn Join us on SoundCloud Join us on Instagram