Council of the EU Press release 10 January 2022 15:55 Nicaragua: Council sanctions seven more individuals and three entities linked to the regime The Council decided today to impose restrictive measures on an additional seven individuals and three entities in view of the worsening situation in Nicaragua. The new listings include family members of President Daniel Ortega and Vice-President Rosario Murillo, the National Police of Nicaragua, the Supreme Electoral Council and the company overseeing telecommunications and postal services . Those targeted are responsible for serious human rights violations , including repression of civil society , supporting the fraudulent presidential and parliamentary elections and undermining democracy and the rule of law . Restrictive measures now apply to a total of 21 persons and three entities . Those designated are subject to an asset freeze, and EU citizens and companies are forbidden from making funds available to them. The individuals are also subject to a travel ban, which prevents them from entering or transiting through EU territories. On 8 November 2021, the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy issued a declaration on behalf of the EU in which he underlined that the elections held in Nicaragua on 7 November 2021 had taken place without democratic guarantees and that their results lacked legitimacy. He declared that the Nicaraguan government had deprived the people of Nicaragua of the civil and political right to vote in a credible, inclusive, fair and transparent election, as well of their freedom of expression, association and peaceful assembly. Background and next steps The sanctions regime in respect of Nicaragua was first introduced in October 2019, after the Council had repeatedly expressed its concern about the deteriorating political and social situation in the country. On 4 May 2020, in view of the continuing grave situation, the Council adopted the first restrictive measures against six individuals. Legislative acts Nicaragua: EU imposes sanctions on eight more individuals (press release, 2 August 2021) Nicaragua: Declaration by the High Representative on behalf of the European Union, 8 November 2021 Delegation of the European Union to Nicaragua Press contacts Maria Daniela Lenzu Press officer +32 2 281 21 46 +32 470 88 04 02 If you are not a journalist, please send your request to the public information service . Topics: Foreign affairs & international relations Share Share this page on Facebook Share this page on Twitter Share this page on LinkedIn Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy Copy Copy Download as pdf Subscribe to press releases × Subscription options Last reviewed on 11/01/2022 Is there something wrong with this page? × Is there something wrong with this page?