Eurogroup Press release 9 January 2022 23:59 President of the Eurogroup, Paschal Donohoe, travels to Germany, Latvia and Lithuania The Minister for Finance and President of the Eurogroup, Paschal Donohoe, will travel to Berlin, Riga, and Vilnius from Monday 10 th to Wednesday 12 th January for a series of bilateral meetings. The focus of the meetings will be the euro area economy and the Eurogroup’s key priorities, including the economic governance of the European Union, the next steps in completing Banking Union, and the future of the digital euro. In Berlin, Minister Donohoe will have a bilateral meeting with the new German Minister for Finance, Christian Lindner, in which they will discuss Germany’s new Programme for Government and key Eurogroup issues “I look forward to hearing from Minister Lindner about the German Government’s ambitious Programme and also his views on the European economy. These discussions with Eurogroup colleagues are vital in allowing for strong coordination of economic and fiscal policies. The benefit of this coordination can be seen in the stronger than expected economic recovery, with 5% GDP growth estimated for 2021. Paschal Donohoe, President of the Eurogroup While in Berlin, Minister Donohoe will also meet with Vice-Chancellor and Minister for Economic Affairs and Climate Action Robert Habeck, and with Mathias Middelberg and Antje Tillmann from the CDU/CSU parliamentary group. On Tuesday 11 th January, Minister Donohoe will travel on to Latvia to meet with the Latvian Finance Minister, Jānis Reirs. In Riga, Minister Donohoe will also participate in an online discussion on “Eurozone Perspectives: Economic Challenges for 2022” with the President of the Bank of Latvia, Mārtiņš Kazāks. On Wednesday, Minister Donohoe will then travel to Lithuania to meet with Finance Minister, Gintarė Skaistė. He will also make courtesy calls to the President of Lithuania, Gitanas Naus ė da, and the Prime Minister, Ingrida Šimonytė. During Minister Donohoe’s visit, he will also participate in a Roundtable at Rockit FinTech and Sustainable Innovation Hub. Press contacts Maria Tomasik Spokesperson for the Eurogroup President +32 2 281 24 63 +32 470 88 23 83 If you are not a journalist, please send your request to the public information service . Topics: Euro area Share Share this page on Facebook Share this page on Twitter Share this page on LinkedIn Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy Copy Copy Download as pdf Subscribe to press releases × Subscription options Last reviewed on 09/01/2022 Is there something wrong with this page? × Is there something wrong with this page?