Council of the EU Press release 24 January 2022 13:45 Human rights: EU adopts conclusions on EU priorities in United Nations human rights fora in 2022 The Council today approved conclusions on the EU’s priorities in UN human rights fora in 2022. The conclusions reaffirm the EU’s commitment to respect, protect and fulfil human rights, democracy and the rule of law consistently and coherently in all areas of its external action and to support the UN human rights system as a cornerstone of its external action . The EU will address recently emerging risks for human rights, including hybrid threats , technological developments , climate change , and the continuing consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic. On the 20 th anniversary of the entry into force of the Rome Statute, the EU will reiterate its unwavering support for the International Criminal Court and reaffirm its commitment to fighting impunity and delivering justice for victims. Furthermore, the EU will continue to call on all states to uphold international human rights law and grant unconditional and unhindered access to their territories for the UN and human rights monitoring mechanisms. The EU will continue monitoring the human rights situation globally and denouncing human rights violations and abuses wherever they occur. Furthermore, the EU will acknowledge positive developments in the field of human rights and continue to seek cooperation with all countries and regional organisations . Council conclusions on EU priorities at UN human rights fora are approved on a yearly basis. Council conclusions on the EU Priorities in UN Human Rights Fora 2022, 24 January 2022 Protection and promotion of human rights (Background) Visit the meeting page Press contacts Maria Daniela Lenzu Press officer +32 2 281 21 46 +32 470 88 04 02 If you are not a journalist, please send your request to the public information service . Topics: Foreign affairs & international relations Share Share this page on Facebook Share this page on Twitter Share this page on LinkedIn Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy Copy Copy Download as pdf Subscribe to press releases × Subscription options Last reviewed on 25/01/2022 Is there something wrong with this page? × Is there something wrong with this page?