European Council Press release 13 January 2022 18:50 Remarks by President Michel following his meeting with Prime Minister of Czechia Petr Fiala President Michel on key topics for the future Thank you very much, Prime Minister, for this meeting. And thank you for making room in your schedule when you are involved in intense parliamentary debates on launching the coalition agreement. I very much appreciate the frank and direct discussion that was had, both between the two of us and with our respective teams. I think that there are three key points on the European agenda for the coming months and probably for the coming years. The first is the consolidation of this unique political project, the European Union, based on values – the values of non-discrimination, freedom, democracy – to forge an area of peace and prosperity. The second key point, which you broached in particular in relation to the issue of energy, is the model of economic development and social cohesion that we want to see in the European political area in the coming years. We are well aware that the digital transformation and the climate challenge need to be addressed if we are to successfully combat certain threats, such as the climate threat, but also if we are to successfully ensure that the transitions we bring about are transitions which guarantee that our businesses can keep developing, growing and creating jobs, that our citizens can meet their day-to-day expenses and pay their bills, and to ensure cohesion in our society. And also to ensure, in the context of energy issues, which – as the current situation here in your country and across Europe shows – are extremely important, that the geopolitical dimension of the energy debate is taken into account when addressing this issue. In recent weeks and months, European leaders have regularly had the opportunity to discuss this matter in the European Council. Very recently the European Commission took a step forward by presenting a taxonomy proposal on which the deliberation process has started. We were able to discuss the matter in detail, which I appreciate. In the next few weeks we will undoubtedly continue our efforts, together with you and with colleagues, to try to find common positions at European level capable of addressing these concerns with regard to purchasing power, competitiveness and the acknowledgement of the geopolitical and geostrategic dimension of the energy question. Lastly, there is a third point, a third pillar. The European Union has been trying to gradually increase its positive influence in order to ensure our stability and security. And the European Council is increasingly becoming a forum for discussion and decision-making on strategic guidelines. That is why we will be taking forward the debate on the Strategic Compass in the weeks ahead. We will continue the discussion aimed at securing an EU-NATO declaration, as NATO is clearly a central pillar for European and global security. However, we also feel that further progress is needed in terms of our capacity to develop European instruments to protect our security and stability. Those are some of the matters I wanted to share with you. Thank you again for this meeting. The European agenda will be very full in the next few weeks. We will have plenty of opportunities to work together with you and your teams to prepare the forthcoming summit between Europe and the African Union, the March summit in France on growth and investment in Europe, and the discussions at the end of March in Brussels on the Strategic Compass. And we will also jointly prepare - in fact we have started this today - your areas of responsibility as your country takes over the Presidency of the European Union this July. Thank you again. You can count on our full commitment to cooperate with you in a trusting and transparent manner. Thank you. Press contacts Barend Leyts Spokesperson for the European Council President +32 2 281 5150 +32 486 22 68 65 If you are not a journalist, please send your request to the public information service . Topics: Institutional affairs Share Share this page on Facebook Share this page on Twitter Share this page on LinkedIn Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy Copy Copy Download as pdf Subscribe to press releases × Subscription options Last reviewed on 14/01/2022 Is there something wrong with this page? × Is there something wrong with this page?