Council of the EU Press release 17 January 2022 11:55 COVID-19: Council removes Argentina, Australia and Canada from the list of countries for which travel restrictions should be lifted Infographic - COVID-19: travel from third countries into the EU See full infographic Following a review under the recommendation on the gradual lifting of the temporary restrictions on non-essential travel into the EU, the Council updated the list of countries, special administrative regions and other entities and territorial authorities for which travel restrictions should be lifted. In particular Argentina, Australia and Canada were removed from the list. Non-essential travel to the EU from countries or entities not listed in Annex I is subject to temporary travel restriction. This is without prejudice to the possibility for member states to lift the temporary restriction on non-essential travel to the EU for fully vaccinated travellers. As stipulated in the Council recommendation, this list will continue to be reviewed every two weeks and, as the case may be, updated. Based on the criteria and conditions set out in the recommendation, as from 17 January 2022 member states should gradually lift the travel restrictions at the external borders for residents of the following third countries: Bahrain Chile Colombia Indonesia Kuwait New Zealand Peru Qatar Rwanda Saudi Arabia South Korea United Arab Emirates Uruguay China, subject to confirmation of reciprocity Travel restrictions should also be gradually lifted for the special administrative regions of China Hong Kong and Macao. Under the category of entities and territorial authorities that are not recognised as states by at least one member state, travel restrictions for Taiwan should also be gradually lifted. Residents of Andorra, Monaco, San Marino and the Vatican should be considered as EU residents for the purpose of this recommendation. The criteria to determine the third countries for which the current travel restriction should be lifted were updated on 20 May 2021. They cover the epidemiological situation and overall response to COVID-19, as well as the reliability of the available information and data sources. Reciprocity should also be taken into account on a case by case basis. Schengen associated countries (Iceland, Lichtenstein, Norway, Switzerland) also take part in this recommendation. Background On 30 June 2020 the Council adopted a recommendation on the gradual lifting of the temporary restrictions on non-essential travel into the EU. This recommendation included an initial list of countries for which member states should start lifting the travel restrictions at the external borders. The list is reviewed every two weeks and, as the case may be, updated. On 20 May, the Council adopted an amending recommendation to respond to the ongoing vaccination campaigns by introducing certain waivers for vaccinated persons and easing the criteria to lift restrictions for third countries. At the same time, the amendments take into account the possible risks posed by new variants by setting out an emergency brake mechanism to quickly react to the emergence of a variant of interest or concern in a third country. The Council recommendation is not a legally binding instrument. The authorities of the member states remain responsible for implementing the content of the recommendation. They may, in full transparency, lift only progressively travel restrictions towards countries listed. A Member State should not decide to lift the travel restrictions for non-listed third countries before this has been decided in a coordinated manner. Council Recommendation amending Council Recommendation (EU) 2020/912 on the temporary restriction on non-essential travel into the EU and the possible lifting of such restriction COVID-19: Council updates recommendation on restrictions to travel from third countries (press release, 20 May 2021) COVID-19: travel into the EU (background information) Visit the meeting page Press contacts Verónica Huertas Cerdeira Press officer +32 2 281 45 48 +32 470 88 21 99 If you are not a journalist, please send your request to the public information service . Topics: COVID-19 Health Foreign affairs & international relations Home Affairs Share Share this page on Facebook Share this page on Twitter Share this page on LinkedIn Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy Copy Copy Download as pdf Subscribe to press releases × Subscription options Last reviewed on 18/01/2022 Is there something wrong with this page? × Is there something wrong with this page?