Council of the EU Press release 14 January 2022 19:50 Ukraine: Declaration by the High Representative on behalf of the European Union on the cyberattack against Ukraine The European Union strongly condemns the cyberattack against Ukraine on 14 January. This cyber-attack against the Ukrainian government websites is unacceptable. Such actions aim at destabilizing Ukraine and spreading disinformation and could contribute to further escalation of the already tense situation. Ukraine has reacted quickly and decisively to the attacks thanks to its increased cyber resilience. The European Union and its Member States are in contact with Ukraine and stand ready to provide additional, direct, technical assistance to Ukraine to remediate this attack and further support Ukraine against any destabilizing actions, including by further building up its resilience against hybrid and cyber threats. We reconfirm our unequivocal support to Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. The Candidate Countries North Macedonia, Montenegro and Albania 1 , and the EFTA countries Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, members of the European Economic Area, as well as Ukraine, The Republic of Moldova and Georgia align themselves with this declaration. 1 North Macedonia, Montenegro and Albania continue to be part of the Stabilisation and Association Process. Press contacts Peter Stano Lead Spokesperson for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy +32 2 295 45 53 +32 460 75 45 53 If you are not a journalist, please send your request to the public information service . Topics: Foreign affairs & international relations Share Share this page on Facebook Share this page on Twitter Share this page on LinkedIn Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy Copy Copy Download as pdf Subscribe to press releases × Subscription options Last reviewed on 26/01/2022 Is there something wrong with this page? × Is there something wrong with this page?