Council of the EU Press release 8 January 2022 21:15 Kazakhstan: Declaration by the High Representative on behalf of the European Union on the situation We are concerned by the violence which has erupted, following peaceful protests, in Kazakhstan, which is an important partner for the European Union, with an Enhanced Partnership and Cooperation Agreement in force, and for the stability of the region. We deeply regret the loss of life and strongly condemn the widespread acts of violence. It is important to prevent further escalations, to avoid any incitement to violence, to exercise restraint at all times, and to avoid exploitation of unrest for other purposes. We stand ready to provide assistance for a peaceful resolution of the crisis. Outside military support should respect the sovereignty and independence of Kazakhstan as well as the fundamental rights of all citizens. We urge Kazakhstan’s authorities to uphold their commitments at this challenging time, including respect for the human rights and fundamental freedoms of their citizens, particularly, the freedom of assembly, freedom of expression, and of the media. The Candidate Countries The Republic of North Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia and Albania 1 , the country of the Stabilisation and Association Process and potential candidate Bosnia and Herzegovina, and the EFTA countries Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, members of the European Economic Area, as well as Ukraine and The Republic of Moldova align themselves with this declaration. 1 The Republic of North Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia and Albania continue to be part of the Stabilisation and Association Process. Press contacts Nabila Massrali Spokesperson for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy +32 2 29 88093 +32 460 79 52 44 If you are not a journalist, please send your request to the public information service . Topics: Foreign affairs & international relations Share Share this page on Facebook Share this page on Twitter Share this page on LinkedIn Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy the URL in your clipboard Copy Copy Copy Download as pdf Subscribe to press releases × Subscription options Last reviewed on 20/01/2022 Is there something wrong with this page? × Is there something wrong with this page?